-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 CECa/UxkFe699hEl77nKdnKfzfkHIO4DUt/7TY5berdPbDyZ2oSO9fLADwymhi3s
 H2gY1elvO0ZIemBXWoTooQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000320187-06-000057.txt : 20060630
<SEC-HEADER>0000320187-06-000057.hdr.sgml : 20060630
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060630140212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000320187-06-000057
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060627
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060630
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060630

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NIKE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320187
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RUBBER & PLASTICS FOOTWEAR [3021]
		IRS NUMBER:				930584541
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10635
		FILM NUMBER:		06936885

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BOWERMAN DR
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97005-6453
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5036713173

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BOWERMAN DR
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97005-6453
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f8k060627ercc.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
                               UNITED STATES
                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          Washington, DC 20549


                                 FORM 8-K


                              CURRENT REPORT
 Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934


   Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 27, 2006


                                 NIKE, INC.

          (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)


       Oregon                  1-10635                 93-0584541
    ____________             ____________             ____________

   (State of                  (Commission            (I.R.S.Employer
   Incorporation)            File Number)          Identification No.)

                             One Bowerman Drive
                         Beaverton, Oregon 97005-6453

                   (Address of Principal Executive Offices)
                          __________________________

                               (503) 671-6453

             (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

                                NO CHANGE
                          ______________________
        (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any
of the following provisions:

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
    (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under Exchange Act (17
    CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
    Exchange Act (17CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
    Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

                          ___________________________

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition

Today NIKE, Inc. held a public telephone call to discuss its financial
results for the fiscal quarter ended May 31, 2006.  The transcript
of the conference call is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.

    (d) Exhibits.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

The following exhibit is furnished with this Form 8-K:

    99. Transcript of earnings release conference call on June 27, 2006.





                             SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                          NIKE, Inc.
                                         (Registrant)

Date:  June 30, 2006
                                         /s/ Donald W. Blair
                                         __________________________
                                         By: Donald W. Blair
                                           Chief Financial Officer





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit_99ercc.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99 - CONF. CALL TRANSCRIPT
<TEXT>


EXHIBIT 99





                               NIKE, INC.
               FY06 Q4 Earnings Conference Call Transcript
                       Moderator: Pamela Catlett
                             June 27, 2006


Operator:
Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Nike's fiscal 2006 fourth quarter
conference call. For those of you who need to reference today's press
release, you'll find it at, www.nikebiz.com.  Leading today's call will
be Pamela Catlett, Vice President of Investor Relations.

Before I turn it over to Ms. Catlett, let me remind you that
participants of this call will  make forward-looking statements based on
current expectations, and those statements are subject to certain risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.
These risks and uncertainties are detailed in the reports filed with the
SEC, including Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q. Some forward-looking statements
concern futures orders that are not necessarily indicative of changes in
total revenues for subsequent periods due to the mix of futures and "at
once" orders, exchange rate fluctuations, order cancellations and
discounts, which may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. In
addition, it's important to remember a significant portion of Nike,
Inc's business, including equipment, most of Nike Retail, Nike Golf,
Converse, Cole Haan, Nike Bauer Hockey, Hurley and Exeter Brands Group
are not included in these futures numbers.

Finally, participants may discuss non-GAAP financial measures. A
presentation of comparable GAAP measures and quantitative
reconciliations can also be found at Nike's website. This call might
also include discussion of non-public financial and statistical
information, which is also publicly available on that site,
www.nikebiz.com.

Now I'd like to turn over the call to Pam Catlett, Vice President of
Investor Relations.

Pam Catlett:
Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our
full year and fourth quarter results for 2006.

We issued our results about an hour ago.  If you need to reference our
results you can find our press release which includes reconciliations
between GAAP and non-GAPP reported items and a supplemental presentation
that summarizes our financial results and contains highlights from our
quarter at our website at www.nikebiz.com.

Joining us on today's call will be Nike, Inc. CEO Mark Parker. Followed
by our Chief Financial Officer Don Blair, who will give you an in-depth
review of our financial results. And finally, you'll hear from Charlie
Denson, President of the Nike Brand. Following each of their prepared
remarks, we'll take your questions.

As for questions, just a reminder that we would like to allow as many of
you to ask questions as possible in our allotted time. So, we would
appreciate you limiting your initial questions to two. In the event you
have additional questions that are not covered by others, please feel
free to re-queue and we will do our best to come back to you.  Thanks
for your cooperation on this.

Now it's my pleasure to introduce Nike, Inc. CEO, Mark Parker.

Mark Parker:

Good afternoon everybody. Thanks for joining us today.

I want to start by taking a moment to reflect on fiscal 2006. In the
past 12 months, we added more than $1.2 billion in incremental revenue
and grew our earnings per share 18%, the third straight year we've
exceeded our mid-teens growth target.

And while I'm really proud of what we delivered last year, I'm also
proud of how we did it.  We managed our portfolio of businesses to
leverage our strengths in developed markets like the U.S. and invest in
emerging markets like China, Russia, Brazil and India.  We extended our
NIKE brand leadership through terrific execution of brand initiatives
like Joga Bonito and Dance Fitness, and breakthrough product innovations
like Air Max and Nike Plus.  And we expanded our profit margins in the
face of significant gross margin cost pressures, by leveraging our SG&A
spending.  And we had stellar performances for the year by Brand Jordan,
NIKE Golf and Converse.

As a result, our brands and our Company have never been stronger, and
we've never been more confident in our prospects for the future.

Last week, we announced a tangible expression of that confidence: a new
four-year $3 billion share repurchase program. This program is twice the
size of our previous four-year program, which we will complete two years
ahead of schedule. The board and I believe that consistent increases in
cash returns to shareholders, both in the form of dividends and share
repurchases, is a critical element to creating value for shareholders.

I know that our stock value doesn't reflect what we've done; it reflects
what you believe we're going to do.

So I want to spend a few minutes talking to you about Nike's future as I
see it.

To the core, Nike is a growth company.  Over the last few years, we've
gotten much better at managing our financial model to maximize
profitability, and we've delivered significant growth in gross margins,
cash flow and returns on capital.

This year, we also demonstrated that we can leverage our SG&A.  Those
are important capabilities and we're going to continue to improve on
them in the years ahead.

But the engine that makes the business model work is profitable topline
growth.  And that is my top priority as CEO.

The way I see it, profitable growth is a function of three key drivers:

- -    Building deep, personal connections between our brands and
     consumers
- -    Producing compelling, innovative product
- -    Executing flawlessly in the marketplace

Nike has always excelled in these three areas; they're at the heart of
our competitive advantage and the reasons why we're the market leader
around the world.

That said, we know we need to continue to perform at the highest level
in each of these areas every day and in every market.  When we do these
things right, we accomplish our ultimate goal, which is to deliver
superior returns to shareholders.

You hear us talk a lot about creating compelling product and consumer
connectivity.  We view the two as interrelated.  One can not exist
without the other . . . and it all starts and ends with consumers.

To reach them requires us to focus more intently on the discrete
segments of our business.  It requires constant communication on the
front end, and inspiring them with great product on the back end.

We succeed when we focus on the edges where the consumer and Nike
strengths intersect.  This intersection results in 'Big Ideas'.

These ideas might be technology-related, like Air Max, Free, Nike+ and
the Sasquatch driver.  They might also span consumers like Women, or
categories like Football and Sport Culture, and geographies like China
and Central Europe.

Ultimately we realize our full potential in capturing commercial
opportunities when we combine technology, category and consumer.
Current examples include our football initiative in Europe
and Latin America, and Basketball in the USA and China.

To give you a sense of our outlook for the future, I want to use just a
few examples of how we bring these competitive edges to bear on key
growth opportunities.

We believe we have enormous opportunities for growth in both developed
markets like the US, Europe and Japan, and emerging markets like Russia,
Brazil and India.

And of course, one of our largest opportunities for profitable growth is
China.  In China, the challenge is not just delivering growth; it's
delivering sustainable, profitable growth.  And we believe we're doing
just that.

We're connecting our brand with Chinese consumers through a blend of
global programs and initiatives drawn from and tailored for China.
While our global campaigns such as LeBron James' "Chamber of Fear" and
"Joga Bonito" generate tremendous excitement in China, we've also had
great success building campaigns from deep insights specific to China.
A great example is the China "Just Do It" campaign, which features
Chinese kids telling the world how sport has changed their lives.

We're delivering compelling innovative product in China, like Air Max,
Sphere Apparel, and a China-only LeBron shoe that sold out in less than
two hours. And we're delivering world-class retail execution through
over 2,300 Nike stores, operated by our key wholesale partners.

As a result, we've doubled our business in China over the last two years
to almost $600 million.  And our brand tracking studies indicate that
we're significantly ahead of our nearest competitor and expanding the
gap.  As the world gears up for the Beijing Olympics in 2008, we're
really excited about our opportunities and capability for growth in
China.

We also see tremendous growth opportunities in key consumer categories
like soccer, running, training and sports culture.

While our businesses and relationships with these consumers are already
well developed, we believe that we can continue to gain share and lead
the growth of these categories.  There's probably no better example than
basketball.

Basketball is a global sport with growing popularity and participation
around the world.  We estimate that the basketball category is already a
$4 billion business at wholesale worldwide.

With the Nike, Jordan, Converse, Starter and Shaq brands, we dominate
that market with over 60% share.  And we will continue to build our
share and lead the growth of this category by building even deeper
connections with consumers, delivering compelling, innovative products
and flawless execution around the world.

From Nike brand campaigns featuring LeBron James, Kobe Bryant and the
Chinese National Team, to our commitment to build on Michael Jordan's
legacy through a new generation of athletes in Brand Jordan, to Converse
initiatives behind Dwayne Wade, we're connecting with performance
basketball consumers around the world.  This year we'll also build on
our unique connection with the sports culture basketball consumer as we
celebrate the 25th anniversary of the incredibly popular Air Force One
with specially designed footwear, apparel and equipment product
offerings throughout the year.

We'll continue to bring innovative design and technology to basketball
product with models like the Air Max 360 Basketball, the Air Zoom
Huarache, the Air Jordan 21 and the All Star Revolution.  And we'll
present those stories in new and compelling ways at retail.

Basketball remains a tremendous growth opportunity across the NIKE
portfolio and around the world.

There's never a shortage of opportunities at Nike.  For us to maximize
our potential for profitable growth, we need to focus our resources on
those markets and consumer categories with the highest potential for
growth and then execute with power and urgency.  As CEO, I'm committed
to ensuring we do that every day around the world.

I am incredibly excited by the growth potential at this company and the
opportunity we have to continue to create superior value for
shareholders.

We will listen to consumers, we will deliver innovation, we will lead
the industry, and we will grow our business. That's what we do.

 With that, I'll introduce NIKE CFO, Don Blair.

Don Blair:
Thanks, Mark.

As you would imagine, we're very pleased with our results for fiscal
2006.

Reported revenues for the year grew 9% to nearly $15 billion.  Excluding
the impact of the stronger dollar, our revenues grew 10% for the year,
reflecting strength across the entire portfolio as all three of our
product business units and each of our geographic regions delivered
revenue growth for the year.  In addition, the non-Nike branded
businesses reported as "Other" delivered over $200 million of
incremental revenue for the year, contributing two points to our overall
revenue growth.

Futures orders scheduled for delivery from June through November grew 5%
versus the prior year; currency changes had a minimal impact on the rate
of growth.

Full year diluted earnings per share were $5.28, up 18% versus fiscal
2005.  This figure includes a $52 million one-time charge for the
Converse arbitration ruling.  Excluding this charge, earnings per share
for the year were $5.39, 20% above fiscal 2005.


Consolidated gross margins declined 50 basis points for the year, due
largely to lower footwear margins.  As we've seen throughout the year,
the key drivers of lower footwear margins were higher input costs such
as oil, price value investments in Europe and Japan, and mix shifts to
products and regions with lower margins, partially offset by upsides of
about 100 basis points from favorable foreign exchange rate hedges.

The decline in fiscal 2006 gross margin was more than offset by tight
expense management, as we delivered 80 basis points of SG&A leverage for
the year due entirely to slowing the growth of Operating Overhead.

We delivered $1.3 billion of Free Cash Flow from Operations in fiscal
2006, repurchased $781million of Nike stock and paid out $291 million in
dividends. For the 12 months ended May 2006, our Return on Invested
Capital was 23%, down slightly versus the prior year end.

Revenues for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006 advanced 8% versus the
prior year; excluding currency effects, revenues grew 10%, in line with
our full year performance.  Earnings per share for the fourth quarter
were $1.27, 2% lower than the prior year, reflecting demand creation
spending around the World Cup and the Converse arbitration charge, which
reduced Q4 earnings per share by 12 cents.  Excluding the charge, fourth
quarter earnings per share would have been $1.39, up 7% versus the prior
year.

Quarterly growth rates for revenues and profits in fiscal 2006 were
significantly affected by the evolution of gross margins over the course
of the year, a volatile foreign exchange environment and the timing of
demand creation spending.  The Converse arbitration charge further
distorted our fourth quarter performance.  These factors will also
affect comparisons to fiscal 2007 quarterly results.  To help you sort
through the puts and takes, on our website we've posted detailed
quarterly P&Ls for fiscal 2006 and a reconciliation of reported results
to more "normalized" results excluding the Converse charge.

So, with that recap of our consolidated performance for the year, I'll
now give you some additional perspective on our results for both the
quarter and the year.

Let's start with our European Region, which includes the Middle East and
Africa.  While this market continues to be challenging for our industry,
we're pleased with our results and our competitive position there.  For
the year, revenues in Europe were 1% higher than the prior year, but up
5% excluding currency changes.  Revenue growth accelerated in the fourth
quarter, as sales advanced 10% excluding the effects of currency.  On
the same basis, fourth quarter revenues grew 5% for Footwear and 21% for
Equipment, reflecting the strength of our World Cup marketing programs.
Apparel sales advanced 16% for the quarter, driven by World Cup replica
sales and increased penetration of Nike-branded performance apparel
including Nike Pro base layer product.  Overall growth for the region
was paced by the emerging markets, including Russia, Turkey and South
Africa, but nearly every country posted higher revenues for the quarter
and the year.

Gross margins in Europe fell slightly for the year, but this decline was
more than offset by SG&A leverage in the region.  For the quarter, we
saw a larger gross margin decline, driven largely by Footwear.  The
factors driving this were shifts in product mix to lower margin products,
continued investments in product value and higher input costs, primarily
oil.  Regional gross margin continued to benefit from favorable currency
hedges, although at a much lower rate than for the first half of the
year.

Although fourth quarter pretax income for Europe declined about 10%, due
primarily to heavy demand creation spending, lower gross margins and
unfavorable currency translation, the region delivered $961million of
pretax income for the year, a 5% increase versus fiscal 2005.

In the Asia Pacific Region, revenues increased 8% for the year, and over
9% on a currency neutral basis.  Excluding currency effects, fourth
quarter revenues increased 8%.  On the same basis, Footwear revenues
grew 6%, Apparel grew 11% and Equipment advanced 9%.

While nearly every country in the region reported higher sales, China
was the primary driver of the region's revenue growth, as our business
there grew about 50% for the year and the quarter.  This was partially
offset by lower sales in Japan, where currency neutral revenues fell 2%
for the year.

Gross margins in Asia declined for the year and the quarter, driven
primarily by lower margins in Japan, a function of higher discounts and
product investments to improve consumer value.  Fourth quarter pretax
income for Asia declined, reflecting heavy demand creation investments
around the World Cup, but the region posted $412 million of pretax
income for the year, a 3% increase versus fiscal 2005.

The Americas Region delivered an excellent year in fiscal 2006, as
reported revenues grew 30%, with about 11 points of growth from stronger
currencies in the region.  In the fourth quarter, revenues advanced 17%
or 9% excluding currency effect.  Every country in the region grew
revenues for the year, with Mexico, Argentina and Brazil making the
largest contribution for the year and the quarter.

For the year, pretax income grew 48% to $173 million, driven by higher
revenues and gross margins, SG&A leverage and favorable currency
translation.  Fourth quarter profits grew somewhat slower, reflecting
heavy World Cup demand creation investments.

That brings us once again to the US Region, which delivered another
remarkable year in 2006.  The US team added nearly $600 million of
revenue for the year, a 12% increase, driven by broad-based growth
across most major wholesale accounts and Nike Retail stores.  In the
fourth quarter, US revenue grew 10% and futures orders scheduled for
delivery from June through November rose 9% versus the year-ago period.

We continued to see terrific momentum in our US Footwear business, which
grew 14% for the year and 10% in the fourth quarter.  This momentum was
also reflected in our futures orders, which grew at a high single-digit
rate driven by both higher units and average price per pair.  Over the
last 12 months, we've increased our market share by two points and have
grown nearly twice as fast as the overall market.

Apparel sales in the US grew 9% for the year, as double-digit growth in
Branded Apparel and Jordan more than offset declines in licensed apparel,
due to the expiration of our NBA license.  For the quarter, Apparel
revenues rose 18% on higher growth in replenishment and at once orders.
Equipment revenues were down for the quarter and the year as we moved
away from the commodity sock business.  The Jordan Brand continued to be
a significant contributor to our footwear and apparel growth in the US,
posting revenue growth of over 40% for the year.

Pretax profits for the US Region grew at a double-digit rate for the
year and the quarter, as strong revenue growth and SG&A leverage more
than offset lower gross margins, primarily due to higher input costs for
Footwear.  For the year, the US Region delivered $1.2 billion in pretax
profits.

Full-year revenues from our Other businesses grew 12% to $1.9 billion;
revenues for the fourth quarter advanced 13%.  With the exception of
Nike Bauer Hockey, where sales timing was affected by our re-branding
initiative, each business posted double-digit revenue growth for the
year.  Excluding the charge for the Converse arbitration ruling, the
Other businesses pretax income growth was over 40% in the fourth quarter,
bringing full-year pretax income to $204 million, up 34% versus fiscal
2005.  Including the charge, pretax income declined in Q4 and was flat
for the year.

Consolidated SG&A spending for Nike, Inc. grew 6% for the full year,
driving 80 basis points of profit leverage versus the prior year.  For
the fourth quarter SG&A grew 8%, driven by the timing of demand creation
spending.  Currency changes reduced SG&A growth by one point for the
year and by three points for the quarter.

For the year, Demand Creation grew 9% primarily due to increased sports
marketing costs and investments in retail marketing and advertising
around the World Cup, the Winter Olympics and the Air Max 360 launch.
As expected, fourth quarter demand creation spending was up 25% due
mostly to the timing of our investments around the World Cup.

Operating overhead for the year increased 4%, less than half the rate of
revenue growth.  Consistent with our expectations, we delivered
significant Operating Overhead leverage in Q4, as spending declined 1%
against an 8% revenue increase.

For the year, we reported net interest income of $37 million, an
increase of $42 million over the prior year.  The improvement was due to
both higher levels of invested cash and higher interest rates.

Other expense for the quarter totaled $26 million, including the $52
million charge for the Converse arbitration ruling.  Excluding this
charge, we would have reported other income of $26 million for the
quarter versus $9 million of other expense in the prior year.  The
largest factor in the improvement was the swing from foreign currency
losses in fiscal 2005 to foreign currency gains in the current year.
The combination of the improvement in these foreign currency gains and
losses, and the translation of foreign currency-denominated profits from
our international regions, increased pretax income by about $55 million
for the year and $18 million for the quarter.

Our effective tax rate for the year was 35%, essentially in line with
last year's 34.9% rate.

Our balance sheet continues to be an area of financial strength for the
Company.  As of May 31, 2006, our balance of cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments totaled $2.3 billion, or almost $9 per diluted
share, while our total interest-bearing debt was about a third of that
amount.

As of May 31, worldwide inventories were 15% higher than a year ago.
About half of the increase represents higher inventory in transit.
Inventory levels also increased to support the expansion of Company-
owned retail stores.   Worldwide close-out inventories were up about 5%
versus the prior year-end and down over $50 million since the end of Q3.

A large portion of the dollar growth in inventory was in the USA, where
inventories on our books and in the market remain very clean.   Most of
the year-over-year change in the US inventory position was driven by the
timing of product receipts and growth in both futures and non-futures
demand.  Outside the US, in transit inventory also represented a
significant portion of the year-over-year growth, in part due to early
delivery of Q1 product in Europe and customs clearance delays in
Argentina.

Accounts receivable management remains an area of strength for the
Company, as accounts receivable balances as of May 31 were only 6%
higher than the prior year, well below the 8% revenue growth we reported
for the quarter.

So, fiscal 2006 was indeed one for the record books.  And for fiscal
2007, we expect to do even better, delivering solid growth in revenues
and profits for the year.  Assuming stable foreign exchange rates, we're
targeting revenue growth at a high single-digit rate.  We expect gross
margins essentially in line with fiscal 2006, as higher input costs and
costs to meet high unit demand offset our ongoing gross margin
improvement initiatives.  Excluding charges for expensing stock options,
we expect to deliver SG&A leverage for the year, driven primarily by
operating overhead growth well below the rate of revenue growth.
Interest income should grow as we continue to deliver increased cash
flow.  Finally, we expect modest other expense each quarter in fiscal
2007, provided currency exchange rates remain stable.  Since certain
currency gains and losses are reported as other income and expense,
exchange rate volatility such as we experienced in fiscal 2006 can have
a fairly dramatic impact.

As we discussed on our last conference call, we'll begin to expense
employee stock options beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2007.
This is a non-cash charge and the amount of the charge is a function of
a number of market variables that could change until the option grant
date.  Based on current market conditions, we expect stock option
expense for the year to be near the high end of the 35 to 40 cents range
indicated on our last call.  As a result of implementing accounting
rules for options granted to long-term employees eligible for
accelerated vesting upon retirement, we expect to absorb almost half of
the annual expense in the first quarter of our fiscal year.

As I said earlier, our quarterly EPS growth in fiscal 2006 was affected
by a number of factors including the evolution of gross margin, timing
of demand creation spending, foreign exchange volatility and the fourth
quarter charge for the Converse arbitration award.  These factors and
the new charge for stock options will have a significant impact on the
quarterly phasing of our EPS growth in fiscal 2007, resulting in much
stronger performance in the second half of the year.

For the first quarter of fiscal 2007, we expect to deliver high single-
digit revenue growth.  In Q1, we expect gross margin to decline over 100
basis points as we'll be comparing against the highest gross margin
quarter in fiscal 2006 and we expect to incur relatively higher costs to
meet capacity demands.  Demand creation spending will be significantly
higher year-on-year, as heavy spending on World Cup marketing in the
first quarter of fiscal 2007 will be compared to relatively light
spending in the first quarter of fiscal 2006.  Due to these factors, we
expect EPS for the first quarter of fiscal 2007 to be flat to down
versus Q1 of fiscal 2006, before accounting for stock option expenses.
With the addition of this charge, we expect EPS for the first quarter
will be down year-over-year.

As the gross margin comparisons improve and the level of demand creation
investment eases, we expect to deliver EPS growth for the second half
and the full year.

So, in summary, fiscal 2006 was an excellent year and we're looking to
deliver a very good year in fiscal 2007.  With that, I'll turn the floor
over to Charlie Denson.

Charlie Denson:
Thanks Don.  Good afternoon everybody.

Well, the Nike brand had another record quarter and year, both in our
results and in the way we connected with consumers, but I also have to
take this opportunity to congratulate my hometown Oregon State Beavers
for winning their first-ever college World Series and a national
championship! What a night that was last night. OK, now it's back to our
results.  We capped the year by exceeding the $13 billion mark for Nike
Brand and delivering our highest pre-tax profit ever.

Behind these results are a number of victories-both big and small.  We
scored some big wins in the quarter with major initiatives like Nike
Plus and Joga Bonito - our largest football campaign ever.  But more on
that in minute, first let's talk about today's results.

Our success for the year was fueled by solid revenue growth across the
different dimensions of the business - each of our geographic regions
and each of our product business units posted higher sales for the
quarter and the year.  In fiscal 2006, we also delivered more of each
revenue dollar to the bottom line than in the prior year, offsetting
gross margin pressures and leveraging SG&A.  Our goal is to manage our
portfolio, and our financial model, to deliver sustainable, profitable
growth, and we did that very effectively in fiscal 2006.

When we last spoke, which was my first call as President of the Nike
brand, I touched on several priorities, two of which were:
1.    Continue to build brand strength on a global scale, and
2.    Improve our growth trajectory in Western Europe and Japan.

I'd like to spend a few minutes today updating you on the progress we're
making, and how you should expect them to evolve as FY07 unfolds.

Let me hit first on the strength of the Nike brand globally.

When we talk about brand strength, we're talking about our ability to
connect with consumers around the world.  For the Nike Brand, it's about
telling compelling stories of innovation, emotion and taking the
consumer experience to a different level of relationship with the brand.
Ultimately, as Mark put it earlier, it is about ALIGNING our product and
marketing resources with the consumer, and managing the marketplace to
maintain a healthy and profitable environment around the Brand and the
business.

I'll give you two great examples on different dimensions: Nike Plus and
the USA region.

Nike Plus is another example of Nike innovation at its best.  When we
connect the consumer with product that redefines what a certain consumer
experience can be.  It creates a whole new growth opportunity, rewrites
the rules, and creates another example of competitive advantage.  As we
said at the media launch with Nike+, running will never be the same
again!  We're looking forward to the retail launch in mid July, and
we're already working with Apple on some of the unlimited possibilities
for this incredible technology.

Then there's the USA marketplace, where footwear continues to drive both
energy and results for the US business. For the year, US footwear grew
14 percent, to more than $3.8 billion in sales.  Nike and Jordan
combined to add more than 5 points of market share year over year in
basketball, as well as seeing gains in running and soccer.

And our apparel team also did a great job growing the business at 9
percent, launching the new Nike Pro product as well as a great set of
collegiate team product around March Madness; World Cup team kits, and
our Women's Fitness collections also created momentum in the marketplace.

While the U.S. results were broad based, we did have a few other
standouts throughout the fiscal year. U.S. soccer revenue was up 27% for
the year, and Brand Jordan remains a star performer with growth of over
40% for the year. We're seeing consistent execution across the board.
And with futures orders heading into back to school up 9 percent, we're
confident that our US business will continue to deliver excellent
results.

That brings me to my second point, which is to improve our growth
trajectory in Western Europe and Japan.

Let's talk about Europe first: We cannot talk about Europe without
mentioning the World Cup.  I've just returned from a week amongst some
of the most exciting sports environments you'll ever see.  The energy
that this event generates is second to none.  And, I'm very pleased with
the level of execution we have on the ground in Germany. We have done a
great job creating product around some of the best teams in the world,
but as we all know, it all has to come together at point of sale.  I
wish all of you could take the time to experience what a World Cup is
like, and better yet, see our execution of Joga Bonito at retail in the
German marketplace.  We win hands down.

Since we launched in March:
- -     We've sold 2.4 million units of National Team kits
- -     We've had over 2.5 million participants in Joga3 Futsal
      tournaments worldwide
- -     Nikefootball and jogaTV videos have been viewed globally more than
      100 million times. In fact, our Joy spot featuring the best player
      in the world, Ronaldinho, has been viewed 18 million times and
      downloaded 1.8 million times in the first eight weeks.
- -     And if you haven't yet checked out nikefootball.com, you should..
      and you'll see what millions of kids are experiencing, spending an
      average of 13 minutes per visit. 13 minutes might not seem like a
      long time, but on the internet that's an eternity.

This is a tremendous brand-builder for us that has, and will, pay
dividends long after the final match on July 9th.

This year, we delivered 19% sales growth in football which takes us to a
total of approximately $1.5 billion in global football revenue for FY 06.
So while in 1994, building a $1 billion business seemed impossible,
today, becoming a $2 billion football brand seems only a near-term
resting point.

We certainly like our teams' chances this week, but as you've heard me
say before, the battle for the hearts and minds of football-crazy kids
will not be won or lost in Berlin this summer, but over the next four
years, and we're excited about the future.


As we look beyond the World Cup to the rest of the European results, I'm
confident that our long-term approach to the business is on track.

Every country group, with the exception of France grew in FY06 on a
constant dollar basis, and we continue to see progress across the
European marketplace.

As we've stated before, market share data can be a good directional
indicator, but any one source of data is not a perfect measure to define
success.  With that said, a combination of our internal and external
research for the latest quarter and trailing 12 months show our
strategies are starting to make a difference.

But we know we have more work to do, particularly in the UK and France.

Long term, we have high expectations for these markets. As an example in
the UK, on one hand we continue to see consumer interest in sports
strengthen, and we are seeing participation rates rise - especially with
women.  Obviously, these are both very good secular backdrops for our
business.  And our brand continues to gain mindshare with UK consumers.

On the other hand, the environment for athletic footwear and apparel at
retail is very difficult. Consequently, in some cases, we are electing
to limit our inventory in the marketplace and to align with retailers
who share our vision for the industry. But keep in mind, today this is
close to a $1 billion business for Nike that delivered solid year-over-
year growth in a difficult environment.

But as Mark said earlier, we believe we will grow by leading. We will
not trade down in price point when a market becomes promotional and
loses its way. As leaders we need to deliver the right product,
reconnect the message, right size our distribution, and help rebuild the
profitability of the market.

We're making the tough decisions now in the UK, so we can build a long-
term brand position that drives a sustainable growth agenda, similar to
what we're currently seeing in the US market today.

The same goes for Japan, though I am even more confident about its
trajectory during the fiscal year.  I think many of you might not
appreciate the sheer magnitude of change that we made in Japan over the
past 18 months. Let me add a little color.

Performance footwear has been solid for the past year with our running
business growing 17 percent in Japan during the fiscal year. Yet, as you
know, the value end of the market has been highly competitive. Instead
of taking price points down on franchise models with the rest of the
market, we redesigned a select line of product, and added value,
critical at the 4,000 to 6,000 Yen price range.

The result? The product is taking hold. Sell-through has been strong and
footwear futures are starting to turn positive. We're gaining share at
the key trend/influencer shops in Tokyo, and we're confident that our
actions over the past year have been materially brand enhancing.

Organizationally, we made significant changes. In fact, we have a new
management team in Japan. We have taken costs out of infrastructure, and
redeployed most of that savings into Demand Creation. We think the
redeployment of capital will drive a stronger brand, and ultimately, a
stronger business.

And while our financial results in Japan are certainly not where we
expect them to be longer term, I am increasingly confident that you will
see this business accelerate during the back half of the time period.

Before I close, let me add a few points on another key growth priority
for the Brand: the Emerging Markets.  To understand the long-term
opportunity for Nike in places like India, Brazil and Russia, you just
have to look to China which, as you heard from Mark, is again one of our
biggest success stories in FY06.  The progress we are seeing in China is
setting the example of what we have planned for the other emerging
markets.  We are very excited about our continued growth throughout
Central and Eastern Europe, as well as our new investments in India.

Brazil still represents the cornerstone of our growth plans in South
America, while the rest of the region continues to grow at an
accelerated rate.

In conclusion, I'm pleased with how our portfolio is performing. We're
balancing investments to strengthen our long-term position in key
markets, while driving near-term results. I'm optimistic that you will
begin to see the tangible results of some of these investments as FY07
unfolds.

Thanks for your time today. We'd be happy to take your questions.

Operator:  Thank you.  If you'd like to register your site for a
question at this time, please do so by pressing the star key followed by
the digit one on your touch-tone telephone.  Again, that's star one if
you'd like to ask a question.  If you're using a speakerphone, please
make sure your mute function is turned off so that your signal can reach
our equipment.  Once again, that's star one for questions.

We'll take our first question from the site Bob Drbul with Lehman
Brothers, please go ahead.

Bob Drbul:  Hello, good afternoon.

Pamela Catlett:  Hello, Bob.

Mark Parker:  Hello, Bob.

Bob Drbul:  I guess, the first question, with a lot of the initiatives
that you talked about, can you talk a little bit more about the women's
business, you know, with Mindy's departure.  Can you just talk about the
leadership there, and just the status of that, and the success that
you're having?

Charlie Denson:  Sure, Bob.  This is Charlie.  Our women's business
performed very well for the year, and is showing great signs of
continued growth as we look towards the first half of fiscal year '07.
I think, from a leadership standpoint, I mean there's lots of people
involved in the women's business, so the transition between Mindy and
Roger has not really affected that group at all.  And in fact, we
continue to see that business accelerate.

Bob Drbul:  OK.  And just a quick question for Don, on the inventory
side, when would you expect inventory to be a little bit closer to -
inventory growth to be a little bit closer to sales growth or revenue
growth?

Don Blair:  Well Bob, you know how I love to make predictions, but one
of the things I will tell you is we feel very good about the way we're
moving through the in transits.  And we also believe that in places like
Japan, where we have had a little bit of excess inventory we're making
progress.  So at this point, we're optimistic we're going to move
through it with no damaging implications for the marketplace, but I
wouldn't want to make a prediction.

Bob Drbul:  Great.  Thank you very much.

Operator:  We'll go next to the site of Jeff Edelman with UBS; please go
ahead.

Jeff Edelman:  Thank you, good afternoon.

Don Blair:  Hello, Jeff.

Jeff Edelman:  Don, one question for you, you were going through some of
the outlook for '07, pretty quickly.  If we exclude stock option and the
one-time charge, is it correct in assuming that we should begin to see a
tapering off in demand creation?  And we should see both of those
relatively stable as a percentage for the full year?

Don Blair:  Both of those.  The demand creation model we generally
execute, Jeff, is that it grows broadly with revenue.

Jeff Edelman:  OK.  So, but I mean as a percentage of sales.

Don Blair:  Right.

Jeff Edelman:  OK.

Don Blair:  And the timing of that, however, will be fairly volatile
in '07, if you look at a comparison to '06.  So in '06, as you know, we
were light in the first part of the year, and very heavy in the fourth
quarter.  You'll see the reverse of that in '07.  So you would expect to
see fairly high growth and demand creation in the first quarter.  And
that will taper off over the course of the year.

Jeff Edelman:  OK.  And the rest of the expense is pretty much the trend
they've been running?

Don Blair:  As I said, we do expect to leverage our operating overhead
for fiscal '07.  And, you know, as Mark indicated, that's something we
feel is part of our financial model at this stage.  And we're going to
execute it.

Jeff Edelman:  Great.  Thank you.  And Charlie, for you, you've
mentioned a number of times in calls, adding additional value in certain
markets.  Are we seeing a change in the business model, where you've got
to redesign and operate with a lower gross margin to hit a certain price
point?  Or am I missing something here?

Charlie Denson:  No.  Actually, Jeff, it's just the reverse.  What we've
done traditionally is taken targeted sections of the product line and
designed two gross margin expectations, as opposed to taking current
models down.  So I think that's one of the things that we've been pretty
good at over the last couple of years, you know, where we've addressed
specific weaknesses, either in our product line, or at price points
within the marketplace and approaching it more on a design to a price,
versus pricing a design.

Mark Parker:  Yes, one point we've also talked about a little bit is
that when we launch new products, sometimes we may launch a little bit
aggressively from a value standpoint, and then move the margins over
time.  So that is one thing that we do fairly regularly.

Jeff Edelman:  OK.  Thank you.

Operator:  We'll take our next question from the site of Robby Ohmes
with Banc of America Securities; please go ahead.

Robby Ohmes:  Thanks.  A couple of quick questions.  First, I just
wanted to ask, when you guys exclude options, I guess it's a question
for Don, when you exclude options, is fiscal '07 a year that you guys
expect will be below your bottom line target of mid-teens earnings
growth.  And then, I've got a couple of follow up questions to that.

Don Blair:  Well, you know, I guess I would have been disappointed if I
hadn't gotten that question at some point.  Robby, as you know, we don't
give specific guidance for any particular quarter of year.  We do have a
mid -teens earnings per share growth target over the long haul, that has
not changed.  And I think we've delivered pretty well against that over
the last five to six years.  And, you know, I think for fiscal '07,
we're certainly going to execute the elements of our model.  Where that
comes out, you know, at this point, we're going to create value for the
shareholders, and we're going to grow revenue and profits.

Robby Ohmes:  Let me - if I may - let me ask it this way:  It looks like
your revenues and your futures orders are tracking for you to hit the
top line long term aspect of that goal you guys put forth.

Don Blair:  Right.

Robby Ohmes:  What's different about fiscal '07, options that would
prevent you from getting there if you made the top-line part of that
long-term goal?

Don Blair:  Well, when we talk about our long term model, there's
movement in various and sundry pieces, but one of the things we believe
we can do over time is grow our gross margins.  And that may or may not
be something that you'll see in a shorter-term period, and that is
something that, as Charlie spoke to, we manage our financial model
pulling all of the levers.  And what we have at the moment is a somewhat
more difficult gross margin environment.  And that's why we've been
pretty aggressive in managing our cost structure and leveraging our
overhead.

             So, you know, it's really a combination of factors.  But
when the model is operating as it was, you know, two or three years ago,
we were seeing some fairly significant expansion in gross margin.  So
it's a different model for every year that we play it.  What we have to
do is pull all of the levers to make sure we deliver for the
shareholders.

Robby Ohmes:  Got you.  And just a quick question for Mark, if you could
- - I might have missed it, but could you just catch us up on low profile,
and what you guys see coming in both the U.S. and Europe over the next,
you know, for back to school and into holiday?  Thanks.

Mark Parker:  Sure.  Well obviously, we continue to see that as a big
opportunity, meaning sort of low profile, what we call sport culture,
active lifestyle based product.  Obviously, that's big in Europe, and
we've had tremendous success over the past 12 months there.  We also see
that as a huge opportunity here in the United States.  And you'll see
increased focus on that opportunity in the U.S. region and frankly, Asia
Pacific as well.  It's really around the globe, across the regions.  So
expect to see more focus, more energy on that.  And we continue to see
that as a big growth opportunity.

             In sport culture, though, we see opportunities, not just in
the low-profile area but also in areas such as urban footwear.  I
mentioned the 25th anniversary of the Air Force One.  And we're really
excited about some of the product that we have in the works for that in
footwear and apparel, for that matter.  So we see lots of opportunity
continuing for Nike around the world in the area of sport culture.  And
we're actually evolving our organization to be even more focused on that
opportunity across the functions of the company.

Robby Ohmes:  Great.  Thank you very much.

Operator:  We'll go next to the site of Kate McShane with Citigroup;
please go ahead.

Kate McShane:  Thank you very much.  I was just wondering if you could
comment on at-once orders and if you felt that it had any impact on
futures orders, globally or in the U.S. like it may have last quarter.

Charlie Denson:  Well no, I don't - this is Charlie.  I don't think -
we're not seeing any material changes as far as the weighting or the
differences, the way the futures orders versus at once is applied.  We
continue to use the futures program to plan the business, and drive the
business, specifically around footwear and apparel in the Nike brand.
That being said, as we've stated many times before, some of the faster
growing elements of the Inc. portfolio do not participate in the futures
program, so that makes it a little bit more challenging to use futures
as an absolute tool in computing what kind of a landing area we're going
to hit on a quarterly basis.  But it still represents, probably, the
best indicator that we have out there.

Mark Parker:  And Kate, you know, we're seeing growth in both futures
and replenishment business as an example.  So using the U.S. as an
example, we are seeing very good growth but those are different
businesses.  And I don't think there's a trade out.  It's really that
we're growing the replenishment and the at once pieces of the market for
us.

Kate McShane:  OK.  Thank you.

Operator:  Our next question comes from the site of John Shanley with
Susquehanna International, please go ahead.

John Shanley:  Thank you, and good afternoon folks.

Pamela Catlett:  Hello, John.

Charlie Denson:  Hello, John.

John Shanley:  Charlie, can you give us some further insights into the
key international markets of Japan, Germany, U.K. and France, that you
highlighted for us.  Were Nike's sales, sport orders, and market share
position in each of those key regions up, down or sideways in the fourth
quarter?

Charlie Denson:  I don't have all of the country numbers right in front
of me, John.  I might be able to follow up with you on that.  I think,
when you look at overall trend lines, I think that, you know, the U.K.
is probably the one where we're still looking at the steepest hill to
climb.  France, I'm starting to feel a little bit more confident about
France, and the direction that we're headed there.  As I said in my
prepared remarks, the Japan environment looks to be improving.  And I
would have to say that right now of those four, Germany is probably
going to be the biggest growth market of those four for the next year.
We're pretty excited about what's going in Germany right now.

John Shanley:  Is it fair to say, then, that forward orders, in at least
Germany, and France and perhaps Japan are up?

Charlie Denson:  Not yet.  I wouldn't go that far yet, but we're
starting to see signs of things, you know, pointing in that direction.

John Shanley:  OK.  That's very encouraging.  Don, I'm a little confused
about forward orders.  They're up 5 percent, but inventories, as you
highlighted were up 15 percent.  I know you've got stuff in transit, and
so on.  But it seems like there is an inventory build somewhere in the
pipeline.  Since none of your major geographic regions have increases in
forward orders anywhere approaching a 15 percent level, can you kind of
highlight if there is any concern on the company's part, that you are
seeing an inventory build that's out of balance, with your sales
expectations?

Don Blair:  Well as I said earlier, a lot of this is timing of shipments.
And back to school orders came in relatively early.  So the great
example of that, in the USA, we had nine percent futures growth.  And
the inventory was actually up a little faster than that.  As I said
earlier, we really are not concerned about our inventory in the United
States.  It's very clean, both on our books and at retail.  And we don't
think there's an issue there.

             You know, if you look around the world, close outs are not
up more than a couple of percentage points.  So this is not a close out
thing, it's really a timing of inline.  There's a couple of places, as
I've said on several calls, that we would like to see inventories a
little lower.  Japan is one example of that.  You know, we've also, as
I've mentioned, had a little bit of a customs back up in Argentina.  But
generally, you know, while we've got some pockets out there that we
would like to see a little bit lower.  You know, over half the growth is
in in-transit, and that's not an issue in our minds.

John Shanley:  OK.  And Europe, and specifically, forward orders up 1
percent, is there an inventory issue in that overall region,
particularly in Western Europe?

Don Blair:  I'd say the footwear order - the footwear inventory in
Europe is a little bit heavier than what we would like to see.  But, you
know, at this point, we feel pretty confident we can move through it.

John Shanley:  OK.  Fair enough.  Thanks a lot.

Don Blair:  Yes.

Operator:  Our next question comes from the site of Omar Saad with
Credit Suisse; please go ahead.

Omar Saad:  Thanks, good afternoon.

Charlie Denson:  Hello, Omar.

Omar Saad:  Hello.  I wanted to ask a couple of questions about apparel.
It looks like you had some pretty good numbers on the apparel businesses
across the regions.  You know, it seems that the consumer appetite for
the higher price performance apparel keeps growing.  You know, I'm
hoping you can discuss your strategy to capitalize in this market.  And,
you know, if you're using a different approach internationally than you
have in the U.S.?

Charlie Denson:  Yes, this is Charlie.  I don't know, maybe you've been
sitting in some of our strategy meetings.  One of the things that we
feel very good about is pushing more of a premium position throughout
the apparel business around the world.  And so specifically based off of
some of the successes that we've had, I think you're going to see some
executions over the next six to 12 months around a more premium product
offering, in areas that we feel pretty good about.

             That being said, I think we feel great about the
performance apparel position that we have in the marketplace.  The Nike
Pro product has done extremely well, and we've seen that business grow
at a very accelerated rate.  And we have also had some great success
around the women's performance apparel line.  So it's one area where
we're very excited about, and we're pretty bullish on, over the next,
I'd say 12 to 18 months.

Omar Saad:  OK.  Great.  And on the more athletic inspired fashion side,
you know what's your main primary  vehicle there for a lot of those
markets?  It seems to be a pretty strong segment.  You know, is Converse
your primary vehicle for that market?  And, you know, given the kind of
technical performance positioning of Nike, or can you leverage the Nike
brand there as well?

Mark Parker:  Yes, this is Mark.  Actually, we have a great opportunity
on both the Converse brand side of the portfolio, as well as Nike brand.
We see our performance positioning to your point in the Nike brand as
being a great leverage point into sport culture.  And you'll see some
really strong indications of that over this next 12 months.  Both, you
know, coming out of performance as well as the sport culture side of the
Nike brand business.  And Converse, of course, this past year, we had
tremendous business with the Chuck Taylor business at Converse.  And we
see that momentum carrying through this next year.

             And a couple of other brands that didn't come up, but
should, are Jordan, tremendous growth.  I think we mentioned over 40
percent in this past year.  And there's a huge lifestyle aspect of the
Jordan brand business that we think will continue to be very strong and
then, of course, Hurley.  Hurley, we didn't really mention, but Hurley
had a good, I think, turnaround year, and is moving into fiscal '07 with
some really strong momentum with that brand, and their more focused
product line.  So we see lots of opportunities throughout the portfolio.

Omar Saad:  OK.  Great.  Mark, while I have your attention, if I could
just ask one more quick question, you mentioned at the beginning of the
call, connecting with consumers, the importance of that, could you give
us a little more insight, maybe an example or two, of how you plan to do
that and what the key - what the keys are for them?

Mark Parker:  Well we - I think there's some great examples of what
we've done in the last six to 12 months.  You know, we mentioned the
Joga Bonito campaign around the World Cup, which I think, takes consumer
connectivity to a whole different level, particularly when you look at
the digital aspect of that, and the connection, the dialogue that we're
having with consumers around World Cup and the sport of soccer.  So, a
tremendous example there.

             And then, of course, more recently too is the Nike+, which,
you know, I have to tell you we're just scratching the surface on the
opportunity of Nike+ , not just from a product standpoint, but from a
consumer interaction standpoint.  There's a whole community aspect of
Nike+ that we think can be huge in terms of connecting consumers to the
Nike Brand, and frankly to each other.  So we tend to capitalize on that
quite a bit.

Omar Saad:  Great.

Mark Parker:  So those are a couple of examples.

Pamela Catlett:  Thanks, Omar.  Thank you.

Operator:  Our next question comes from the site of Margaret Mager with
Goldman Sachs; please go ahead.

Margaret Mager:  Hello, it's Margaret.

Pamela Catlett:  Hello, Margaret.

Mark Parker:  Hello, Margaret.

Charlie Denson:  Hello, Margaret.

Margaret Mager:  Congratulations on a great year, and all green boxes.

Charlie Denson:  We like those.

Margaret Mager:  A couple of questions. First of all, Don, could you
connect your outlook for the first quarter gross margin to be down and
the full-year gross margin to be flat?  How does - I take it you're
thinking somewhere along the way it's going to be up.  Can you just
outline what you see changing that will help lift the gross margin as
you go through the fiscal year?

             And then, I'd also like to ask a second question, maybe to
Mark, just as the CEO of the company, and how you think about uses of
capital and allocating capital?  Specifically, I think it's great, your
$3 billion share repurchase, I think your shareholders are probably
loving that.  But how do you decide when to repurchase stock.  How is
the program set up?  And, you know, you moved so quickly on the last one.
And then as part of that, just the whole idea of return on invested
capital, what leverage do you think you can pull on that front, to move
ROIC up from the current levels?  Thanks.

Don Blair:  Well let me quickly hit gross margin.  You're asking a good
question, Margaret.  If you look at this year's performance,
fiscal '06's performance, or the past year's performance, we actually
saw an erosion of gross margin over the course of the year, as oil
prices started to flow into our product costs and as we also started to
see some increases in labor.

             As we've talked about before, we lock our prices in some
time in advance because we also are setting our wholesale prices.  And
as a result, when you have a price increase for oil, as an example, or
labor, it tends to move into our cost structure over a period of time.

             Our expectation is that we're going to start to anniversary
some of those higher costs in the second half of the year, and that some
of our other initiatives are going to start to flow through.  We also
believe that with the growth of some of our, you know, fairly profitable
businesses that haven't been affected as much by those factors, we're
going to see some shift in mix.  So, you know, those are some of the key
elements here.  It's basically, if you look at '06, we're going to start
to anniversary some of those lower numbers and we'll perform a little
better in the back half.

Margaret Mager:  OK.  Thank you.

Mark Parker:  OK.  And then your question on return on invested capital,
let me start there.  I think, as you know, there's really two major
drivers of return on invested capital.  There are operating margins and
then operating asset turns.  And we think we have great opportunity to
improve on both.

             On the margin side, we will continue to drive the top line,
and manage the middle of the P&L in order to deliver on our long-term
earnings targets.  So that's important.  And then, as it relates to the
asset turns, we have, we think, significant opportunity to reduce our
invested capital base.  So in the core Nike brand, I think in EMEA, Asia,
and the Americas, they all lag in the U.S. as it relates to days
inventory on hand.  And this should be helped quite a bit by the supply
chain project, which we didn't mention on this call yet, but it is fully
implemented here in the next month for Nike.

             As far as the stock repurchase, you know, our goal has
really always been to at least offset the options dilution.  And with
this $3 billion share repurchase program, we hope to continue our recent
success in driving our share count lower.  So we felt the $3 billion
four -year number was appropriate.  And feel good about the pace that
we've been on in terms of share repurchase.

Margaret Mager:  Good luck in '07.  I hope it's another great year for
you.

Pamela Catlett:  Thank you, Margaret.

Operator:  We'll go next to the site of Liz Dunn with Prudential; please
go ahead.

Liz Dunn:  Hello, thank you.  Just, could we possibly get an update on
lean manufacturing, and just some more details on how that's proceeding,
what sort of benefits, you might expect to see, and the timing of that?
And then, my second question is, what percent is China now of your total
business, if you can share that?  And what could it potentially grow to
ultimately in your mind, if you look out a few years?  Thank you.

Mark Parker:  This is Mark.  I'll take the lean question.  You know,
right now, I think in footwear, we have close to 20 percent of our
footwear volume that's produced through lean lines in this past quarter,
that is.  And that's up from about, I think, it was about 12 percent,
the last quarter.  So we see that trend continuing.  And we see a fairly
significant impact moving forward on the FOB equation in terms of the
results that lean provides Nike.  So we expect that lean will be a
materially greater and greater proportion of our footwear to be
manufactured in lean lines.

             And then we haven't really gotten into gear yet on apparel,
but that's a big priority for us, as well, moving into fiscal '07, you
see a greater and greater percentage of our apparel production being
created on lean manufacturing lines.  So we're very bullish on the
offset that we think we can get from a savings standpoint with lean
manufacturing.  And we continue to be very, very committed to that
program.

Don Blair:  And, you know, in the math that we see this one, Liz, we are
seeing benefits come through.  But there's so much other activity going
on in margin, you haven't necessarily seen that flow through yet.  But
we - when we tear down the margins, we do see benefits there.  And as we,
you know, get down the learning curve on lean manufacturing, we expect
to see that benefit grow.

Pamela Catlett:  And Liz, could you repeat your second question?

Liz Dunn:  My second question was just, you know, China, how big do we
think it can be?  What percentage, if you can share, or at least talk
directionally, what percentage of it is - what percentage is it of the
mix currently and, you know, where do you think that could go?

Charlie Denson:  Yes, this is Charlie.  Well we're still very bullish on
China.  It's certainly, you know, our success to date, I think Mark
covered some of the numbers in his prepared remarks, so I think you can
figure out how big it is, as part of the Asia Pacific region, and the
overall mix.  It is certainly of consequence, the fastest and biggest
growing market we have in the world.  And I think, as you continue to
see economic development flourish in China, it's going to - we're going
to keep pace with it.  I feel great about the team there.  We've
continued to both develop internal people and bring some new folks in.
And I feel really good about the brand and our presence in China.  I
think it was - we have over 2,300 mono-brand doors, that we have a high
degree of influence over with respect to brand management and
presentation.  And it's really an exciting marketplace for us.  And I
think will continue to be for at least the next three to five years.

Liz Dunn:  OK.  Thank you very much.

Pamela Catlett:  Thank you.  We have time for one more question.

Operator:  Thank you.  Our final question comes from Virginia Genereaux
with Merrill Lynch; please go ahead.

Virginia Genereaux:  Thank you.  Just under the wire here.

Pamela Catlett:  Yes.

Virginia Genereaux:  Don, on the - it's - coming into this quarter, you
said, on the gross margins, you said they might be down around 100 basis
points, which is, you know, rare detail for you, sir.  And they came in
a little lower than that.  And I'm just wondering, you know, what
happened sort of intra quarter?  I know a lot of things, but was it
clearing some of this inventory in Europe and Japan?  Or just sort of
what are the vagaries that might have impacted gross margins for May?

Don Blair:  Well, Virginia, there's a tremendous number of moving parts.
As you know, we're in many, many currencies.  We've got lots of
different mixes and customer bases and different discount structures and
so on.  The year-over-year impact in the fourth quarter was input costs
as we discussed.  You know, we talk about improving value in Europe and

Japan and that comes in the form of, in some cases, discounts, more
often in terms of product investment.  And we've also seen a change in
the mix of products, both in terms of individual styles, as well as
shifting growth to the U.S. and the Americas, which have slightly lower
gross margin percentages.  So it's a lot of moving parts.  And, you know,
I said it was my expectation that we would be over 100 points down in
the first quarter.  The precision level on this line item in the P&L is
pretty tough to get that close.  That's why we try to manage the P&L
holistically and not just one line item.

Virginia Genereaux:  Understood.  And then, sort of on Margaret's
question, if you're down 100 and change in August, you really, to get to
flat for the year, you've got to have a couple of quarters that are up
50 to 100.  I mean is that - I mean I guess I just want to be clear on.

Don Blair:  It's not quite at that level, but the math, as Margaret said,
is that we are going to have to have an offset to that.  And yes, we
will have to be up in some quarters.  And, you know, our expectation at
this stage, is that we can see some margin growth for some of the
quarters in the back half of the year.  Obviously, that's something that
we'll continue to monitor.  And if there's a significant change in that,
we would obviously be talking to you about it.

Virginia Genereaux:  Understood.  And then, just lastly if you bake all
of that into sort of your outlook, then, if your gross margins are
flattish, and you get a little SG&A leverage, and revenues up high
singles, and you're getting the cash help, then you are on your plan to
do mid-teens earnings before options expense.

Don Blair:  Well, as you know, I am reluctant to

Virginia Genereaux:  I just wanted to make sure we're all

Pamela Catlett:  Thank you for calling.

Virginia Genereaux:  OK.  It's a good note to end on, Pamela.  You all
have a great night.

Pamela Catlett:  Happy New Year everyone.  We'll end here, and look
forward to speaking with you soon.  Thank you.

Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference
call.  At this time, we'd like to thank you for your participation.  You
may now disconnect and have a great afternoon.


END


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
