-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 WUIlUkorKigCITOAWhdzVM7fSCtJOe/ehvHpyVTBAjuhe4PdxIG4UAhBSwQ6M7u3
 c4YcL8O+BSc8c7ofCGHhQQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000320187-06-000198.txt : 20061219
<SEC-HEADER>0000320187-06-000198.hdr.sgml : 20061219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20061218201654
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000320187-06-000198
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20061218
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20061219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20061218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NIKE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320187
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RUBBER & PLASTICS FOOTWEAR [3021]
		IRS NUMBER:				930584541
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10635
		FILM NUMBER:		061284841

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BOWERMAN DR
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97005-6453
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5036713173

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BOWERMAN DR
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97005-6453
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f8k061218.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
                               UNITED STATES
                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          Washington, DC 20549


                                 FORM 8-K


                              CURRENT REPORT
 Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934



   Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 18, 2006



                                 NIKE, INC.

          (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)


       Oregon                  1-10635                 93-0584541
    ____________             ____________             ____________

   (State of                  (Commission            (I.R.S.Employer
   Incorporation)            File Number)          Identification No.)

                             One Bowerman Drive
                         Beaverton, Oregon 97005-6453

                   (Address of Principal Executive Offices)
                          __________________________

                               (503) 671-6453

             (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any
of the following provisions (See General Instruction A.2. below):

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
    (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under Exchange Act (17
    CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
    Exchange Act (17CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
    Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

                          ___________________________

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of
          ________________________________________________________
          Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory
          ________________________________________________________
          Arrangements of Certain Officers.
          ________________________________

     On December 18, 2006, NIKE, Inc. (the "Company") amended and
restated, effective January 1, 2005, the NIKE, Inc. Deferred Compensation
Plan (the "Plan").  The amendments were intended primarily to comply with
the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, as well as guidance on Section 409A issued by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The amendments do not apply to amounts deferred prior
to January 1, 2005 (including any earnings on such amounts under the
Plan) that are vested as of December 31, 2004.

     The amendments change the Plan rules that permit Plan participants
to elect to change their method of distribution of benefits under the
Plan.  Generally, benefits under the Plan may, at the election of the
participant, be paid in a cash lump sum or quarterly installments over
five, ten or fifteen years.  Prior to the amendments, a Plan participant
could elect to change his or her method of distribution of benefits by
submitting the election at least one year prior to the participant's
payment commencement date under the Plan.  Pursuant to the amendments,
there is now an additional requirement that the first payment made
pursuant to the new distribution method selected cannot be made sooner
than five years after the payment commencement date for the distribution
method that the participant has elected to change.  The amendments also
change other rules relating to distributions and acceleration of benefits
with respect to amounts deferred under the Plan, in order to comply with
Section 409A.

     The amendments change the rules regarding the timing of deferrals of
long-term incentive payments.  Prior to the amendments, in order to defer
long-term incentive payments, a Plan participant was generally required
to submit a deferral election no later than December 15 of the second
calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the long-term
incentive payment would otherwise be paid.  Pursuant to the amendments,
in order to defer long-term incentive payments, a Plan participant
generally must submit a deferral election no later than November 30 of
the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the long-term
incentive payment would otherwise be paid.

     The amendments also restrict the kind of bonuses and long-term
incentive payments that may be deferred under the Plan, change the rules
regarding the timing of deferrals of bonuses to comply with Section 409A,
provide for transition rules as permitted by Section 409A and related
guidance and include certain other changes made to comply with Section
409A and other technical changes.

     The foregoing summary of the amendments to the Plan is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of the Plan.  A copy of the
Plan is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
          _________________________________

  (d)  Exhibits

       10.1   NIKE, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan.

                              SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                  NIKE, INC.
                                  (Registrant)


Date:  December 18, 2006       By: /s/ Donald W. Blair
                                   ________________________________
                                       Donald W. Blair
                                       Chief Financial Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit10_1doc.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1 - DEFERRED COMP PLAN
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1





                                   NIKE, INC.
                           DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
               (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2005)























                                Prepared by:

                              Lane Powell P.C.
                      601 S.W. Second Avenue, Suite 2100
                           Portland, Oregon 97204
                              (503) 778-2100




                  NIKE, INC. DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
                      January 1, 2005 Restatement

                          TABLE OF CONTENTS


RECITALS                                                                 1
ARTICLE I TITLE AND DEFINITIONS                                          2
1.1     Title                                                            2
1.2     Definitions                                                      2
ARTICLE II  PARTICIPATION                                                8
2.1     Participation                                                    8
ARTICLE III DEFERRAL OF COMPENSATION                                     9
3.1     Participant Elections to Defer Compensation                      9
3.2     Director's 1999 Transition Election                             10
3.3     Company or Participating Employer Contributions                 10
3.4     Deferral of Long Term Incentive Payments                        11
3.5     Investment Elections                                            14
ARTICLE IV ACCOUNTS                                                     15
4.1     Participant Accounts                                            15
ARTICLE V VESTING                                                       16
5.1     Compensation Deferrals                                          16
5.2     Company or Participating Employer Contributions                 16
5.3     Director's 1999 Transition Retirement Plan Investments          16
ARTICLE VI DISTRIBUTIONS                                                16
6.1     Termination of Service Due to Retirement, Disability or Death   16
6.2     Termination of Service For Reasons Other Than Retirement,
        Disability, or Death                                            18
6.3     Scheduled Withdrawals                                           18
6.4     Unscheduled Withdrawals Due to Financial Emergency              19
6.5     Change of Control                                               20
6.6     Section 162(m) Limitation                                       20
6.7     Inability To Locate Participant                                 20
ARTICLE VII ADMINISTRATION                                              21
7.1     Retirement Committee                                            21
7.2     Retirement Committee Action                                     21
7.3     Powers and Duties of the Retirement Committee                   21
7.4     Trustee Duties                                                  23
7.5     Company Duties                                                  23
ARTICLE VIII CLAIMS PROCEDURE                                           23
8.1     Submission of Claim                                             23
8.2     Denial of Claim                                                 23
8.3     Review of Denied Claim                                          24
8.4     Decision upon Review of Denied Claim                            24







                                     i

<PAGE>

                                                                      Page

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS                                                24
9.1     Unsecured General Creditor                                      24
9.2     Restriction Against Assignment                                  24
9.3     Withholding                                                     25
9.4     Amendment, Modification, Suspension or Termination              25
9.5     Governing Law                                                   25
9.6     Entire Agreement                                                25
9.7     Receipt or Release                                              25
9.8     Payments on Behalf of Persons Under Incapacity                  26
9.9     No Employment Rights                                            26
9.10    Headings, etc.  Not Part of Agreement                           26
9.11    Tax Liabilities from Plan                                       26








































                                      ii

<PAGE>
                                     RECITALS

Effective January 1, 1998, NIKE, Inc. (the "Company") combined its
Supplemental Executive Savings Plan and its Supplemental Executive Profit
Sharing Plan into a single plan, which was renamed the NIKE, Inc. Deferred
Compensation Plan (the "Plan").  The Company subsequently amended and
restated the Plan, effective as of January 1, 2000, January 1, 2003, and June
1, 2004.

On October 3, 2004, the U.S. Congress enacted the American Jobs Creation Act
of 2004 ("AJCA").  Among other things, the AJCA modified the tax rules
applicable to non-qualified deferred compensation plans, such as the Plan.

The Company wishes to amend and restate the Plan to bring the Plan into
compliance with AJCA requirements and to provide for transition rules as
permitted by the AJCA and guidance issued by the Department of Treasury,
including but not limited to Notice 2005-1.  This restatement applies only to
amounts deferred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2004.  No
amendment to the June 1, 2004 Plan restatement is made or intended for
amounts deferred prior to January 1, 2005.  An amount is considered to be
deferred after December 31, 2004 if:

         -  the Participant first acquires a legally binding right to be paid
            the amount (determined without regard to any deferral election by
            the Participant) after December 31, 2004; or

         -  the amount is still subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture
            after December 31, 2004.

Amounts deferred prior to January 1, 2005, including earnings on such
amounts, are subject to the rules of the June 1, 2004 restatement of the
Plan.

Under the Plan, the Company is obligated to pay vested accrued benefits to
Plan Participants and their Beneficiary or Beneficiaries from the Company's
general assets.

In connection with the Plan, the Company has established an irrevocable trust
(the "Trust").  The Company intends to make contributions to the Trust so
that such contributions will be held by the Trustee and invested, reinvested
and distributed, all in accordance with the provisions of this Plan and the
Trust Agreement.  The amounts contributed to the Trust and the earnings
thereon shall be used by the Trustee to satisfy the liabilities of the
Company under the Plan in accordance with the procedures set forth herein.
The Trust is a "grantor trust," with the principal and income of the Trust
treated as assets and income of the Company for federal and state income tax
purposes.

The assets of the Trust shall at all times be subject to the claims of the
general creditors of the Company as provided in the Trust Agreement.

The existence of the Trust shall not alter the characterization of the Plan
as "unfunded" for purposes of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and shall not be construed to provide income to




Plan Participants prior to actual payment of the vested accrued benefits
under the Plan.

NOW THEREFORE, the Company does hereby adopt this amended and restated Plan
as follows:


                                  ARTICLE I
                            TITLE AND DEFINITIONS

1.1     Title

This Plan shall be known as the NIKE, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan.

1.2     Definitions

Whenever the following words and phrases are used in this Plan, with the
first letter capitalized, they shall have the meanings specified below.

        (a)   "Account" means for each Participant the bookkeeping account
        maintained by the Retirement Committee that is credited with amounts
        equal to (1) the portion of the Participant's Salary that he or she
        elects to defer, (2) the portion of the Participant's Bonus that he
        or she elects to defer, (3) the portion of the Participant's
        Incentive Payments that he or she elects to defer, (4) the portion of
        the Participant's Fees that he or she elects to defer, (5) the
        portion of the Participant's Long Term Incentive Payment that he or
        she elects to defer, (6) Company or Participating Employer
        contributions, if any, made to the Plan for the Participant's
        benefit, and (7) adjustments to reflect deemed earnings pursuant to
        Section 4.1(e).

        (b)   "Actuarial Equivalent" means the actuarial present value
        determined by the actuary appointed by the Company, in accordance
        with generally accepted actuarial principles, with a discount for
        mortality using the 1983 Group Annuity Mortality Table and a discount
        for interest at the 30-year Treasury rate for July 1999 (5.98%).

        (c)   "Annual Election Period" means the period designated each year
        during which Participants submit their elections to defer
        Compensation.   Unless modified by the Retirement Committee, the
        Annual Election Period shall end not later than November 30 of the
        year immediately preceding the beginning of the Plan Year for which
        the deferral elections made during the Annual Election Period shall
        be in effect.

        (d)   "Beneficiary" or "Beneficiaries" means the beneficiary last
        designated in writing by a Participant in accordance with procedures
        established by the Retirement Committee to receive the benefits
        specified hereunder in the event of the Participant's death.  No
        Beneficiary designation shall become effective until it is filed with
        the Retirement Committee during the Participant's lifetime.




        (e)   "Board of Directors" or "Board" means the Board of Directors of
        the Company.

        (f)   "Bonus" means any cash-based incentive compensation (other than
        Incentive Payments and Long Term Incentive Payments) that is payable
        to a Participant in addition to the Participant's Salary and that
        satisfies either (1) or (2):

               (1)  is Performance Based Compensation; or

               (2)  is attributable solely to services performed in the
               calendar year following the calendar year containing the
               Annual Election Period during which the Participant elected to
               defer the Bonus.

        (g)   "Change of Control" means any of the following:

               (1)  The purchase or other acquisition by any person, entity
               or group of persons, within the meaning of Section 13(d) or
               14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
               "Act"), or any comparable successor provisions, of beneficial
               ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under
               the Act) of fifty percent or more of either the total fair
               market value of the outstanding shares of Class A and Class B
               common stock or the combined voting power of the Company's
               then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally.

               (2)  The purchase or other acquisition by any person, entity
               or group of persons, within the meaning of Section 13(d) or
               14(d) of the Act, or any comparable successor provisions, of
               beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3
               promulgated under the Act) of forty percent or more of the
               combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding voting
               securities entitled to vote generally.

               (3)  A sale or other transfer of all or substantially all of
               the Company's assets to a person, entity, or group of persons,
               within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Act, or
               any comparable successor provisions.  A transfer of assets is
               not treated as a Change of Control if the assets are
               transferred to:

                      (A)   a Company shareholder (immediately before the
                      asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to its
                      stock;

                      (B)   an entity, 50 percent or more of the total value
                      or voting power of which is owned, directly or
                      indirectly, by the Company;

                      (C)   a person, or more than one person acting as a
                      group, that owns, directly or indirectly, 50 percent or
                      more of the total value or voting power of the
                      outstanding stock of the Company;



                      (D)   an entity, at least 50 percent of the total value
                      or voting power of which is owned, directly or
                      indirectly, by a person described in paragraph (C).

         (h)   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

         (i)   "Company" means NIKE, Inc. and any successor corporation to
         NIKE, Inc.

         (j)   "Company Stock" means NIKE, Inc. Class B common stock.

         (k)   "Compensation" means the Salary, Bonus, Incentive Payments,
         and Fees that the Participant earns for services rendered to the
         Company or a Participating Employer.  For purposes of Sections 6.3,
         6.4 and 7.5 only, "Compensation" also includes Long Term Incentive
         Payments.

         (l)   "Consultant" means any person, including an advisor but
         excluding Directors, engaged by the Company or a Participating
         Employer to render services to the Company or a Participating
         Employer and designated by the Retirement Committee as eligible to
         participate in the Plan.

         (m)   "Director" means a non-Employee member of the Board.

         (n)   "Director's 1999 Transition Retirement Benefit" means the
         Actuarial Equivalent of the Director's Retirement Annuity as
         determined on September 1, 1999, divided by the fair market value of
         Company stock on September 1, 1999, and stated in units representing
         shares of Company Stock.

         (o)   "Director's Retirement Annuity" means the projected annual
         retirement benefit payable to a Retired Director in the amount of
         eighteen thousand dollars ($18,000), reduced proportionately for
         each year of service completed as a Director less than ten (but with
         no benefit if five or fewer years of service).

         (p)   "Disability" means a Participant's long-term disability as
         defined in the Company's or Participating Employer's long-term
         disability plan for employees.

         (q)   "Distributable Amount" means the amount credited to a
         Participant's Account.

         (r)   "Distribution Event" means, with respect to each Participant,
         the Participant's termination of Service for any reason, including
         Retirement, death or Disability, or the date of a Scheduled or
         Unscheduled Withdrawal.  A Participant's Distribution Event election
         shall be made in writing at such time, on such form and subject to
         such terms and conditions as the Retirement Committee may specify.

         (s)   "Election Period" means the period designated under this Plan
         when Participants submit their elections to defer Compensation
         and/or Long Term Incentive Payments.  The term Election Period
         includes the Initial Election Period and any Annual Election Period.

         (t)   "Eligible Employee" means any Employee who is designated in
         writing as eligible to participate in the Plan by the Retirement
         Committee from among a select group of management or highly-
         compensated Employees of the Company or a Participating Employer.

         (u)   "Employee" means a common law employee of the Company or a
         Participating Employer performing services regularly in the United
         States or, if not performing services regularly in the United
         States, a common law employee of the Company or Participating
         Employer who is on U.S. payroll and participating in a Company-
         sponsored Global Transfer Program.

         (v)   "Fees" means, (i) in the case of non-Employee members of the
         Board, annual cash fees paid by the Company, including retainer
         fees, Retirement Committee fees and meeting fees, paid by the
         Company as compensation for serving on the Board, and (ii) in the
         case of any other non-Employee service provider, the cash fees paid
         to such individual for services rendered to the Company.

         (w)   "Fund" or "Funds" means one or more of the investment funds
         selected by the Retirement Committee pursuant to Section 3.5.

         (x)   "Incentive Payment" means that portion of Compensation that is
         variable and is directly related to a Participant's sales
         performance.  Long Term Incentive Payments are not included in
         Incentive Payments for purposes of the Plan.

         (y)   "Initial Election Period" means the 30-day period following an
         individual's designation as an Eligible Employee, Director or
         Consultant.

         (z)   "Investment Return" means, for each Fund, an amount equal to
         the pre-tax rate of gain or loss on the assets of such Fund (net of
         applicable fund and investment charges) from one Valuation Date to
         the immediately following Valuation Date.

         (aa)   "Long Term Incentive Payment" means:

                (1)   an amount payable to a Participant under the Long Term
                Incentive Plan;

                (2)   for payments made on or after August 1, 2004, an amount
                payable to a Participant under a plan or program established
                by a Participating Employer, and approved by the Company, to
                provide incentives to Employees of the Participating Employer
                to attain specified performance targets over a multi-year
                period;

                (3)   an amount payable under the NIKE, Inc. 1990 Stock
                Incentive Plan pursuant to an award with terms similar to
                awards made under the Long Term Incentive Plan; and








                (4)   an amount payable under a Long Term Incentive Award
                Agreement (Mid-Plan Grant), pursuant to an award made on
                terms similar to awards made under the Long Term Incentive
                Plan.

         (bb)   "Long Term Incentive Plan" means the Long Term Incentive Plan
         of NIKE, Inc., as amended from time to time.

         (cc)   "Participant" means any Consultant, Director or Eligible
         Employee who elects to defer Compensation in accordance with Section
         3.1.

         (dd)   "Participating Employer" means an entity directly or
         indirectly controlled by the Company or in which the Company has a
         significant equity or investment interest, which the Retirement
         Committee has designated as a Participating Employer in this Plan.


         (ee)   "Payment Commencement Date" means:

                 (1)   in the case of distributions which are paid in the
                 form of a single cash lump sum under Sections 6.1 or 6.2, as
                 soon as administratively practicable after the end of the
                 calendar quarter during which the Participant terminates
                 Service;

                 (2)   in the case of distributions which are paid in the
                 form of quarterly installments under Section 6.1(b), on or
                 before the January 31 following the Plan Year during which
                 the Participant terminates Service;

                 (3)   in the case of distributions on account of Plan
                 termination, distributions otherwise payable under (1) or
                 (2) may be subject to earlier distribution at the discretion
                 of the Committee, to the extent that earlier distribution
                 would not result in additional tax under Section 409A of the
                 Code.

        If the Participant holds the position of Vice President of the
Company or a Participating Employer, or a higher position, and the
distribution is made on account of the Participant's termination of Service
(for a reason other than death or Disability), the Payment Commencement Date
may not be earlier than six months after the date of the Participant's
termination of Service.

       (ff)   "Performance Based Compensation" means payments to an
       individual that are contingent on the satisfaction of pre-established
       organizational or individual performance criteria measured during a
       performance period of at least 12 consecutive months.  Organizational
       or individual performance criteria are considered to be "pre-
       established" if established in writing no later than 90 days after the
       start of the performance period, provided that attainment of the
       performance criteria is substantially uncertain at the time the
       criteria are established.  Performance Based Compensation does not
       include any amount that an individual is entitled to receive
       regardless of whether performance goals are attained.

       (gg)   "Plan" means the NIKE, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan set
       forth herein, now in effect, or as amended from time to time.

       (hh)   "Plan Year" means the calendar year.

       (ii)   "Predecessor Plans" means the NIKE, Inc. Supplemental Executive
       Savings Plan and the NIKE, Inc. Supplemental Executive Profit Sharing
       Plan.

       (jj)   "Profit Sharing Plan" means the 401(k) Savings and Profit
       Sharing Plan for Employees of NIKE, Inc.

       (kk)   "Retirement" means the Participant's termination of employment
       if at the time thereof the Participant has completed at least sixty
       (60) whole months of Service.

       (ll)   "Retired Director" or "Director's Retirement" means the
       cessation of a Director's services on the Board on or after age 65
       with ten (10) years of service, but no later than age 72 if the
       Director commenced service as a Director after the Company's 1993
       fiscal year.

       (mm)   "Retirement Committee" means the Retirement Committee appointed
       by the Board to administer the Plan in accordance with Article VII.
       Unless specified otherwise by the Board, the "Retirement Committee"
       shall mean the Retirement Committee established under the Profit
       Sharing Plan.

       (nn)   "Salary" means the Employee's base salary for the Plan Year.
       Salary excludes any other form of compensation such as restricted
       stock, proceeds from stock options or stock appreciation rights,
       severance payments, moving expenses, car or other special allowance,
       adjustments for overseas employment other than the 12.5% transfer
       premium, or any other amounts included in an Eligible Employee's
       taxable income that is not compensation for services.  Deferral
       elections shall be computed before taking into account any reduction
       in taxable income by salary reduction under Code Sections 125 or
       401(k), or under this Plan.

       (oo)   "Service" means performance of services for the Company
       (including any entity that is directly or indirectly controlled by the
       Company or any entity in which the Company has a significant equity or
       investment interest, as determined by the Company for purposes of this
       Plan) or a Participating Employer as an Employee, Director or
       Consultant.

       (pp)   "Valuation Date" means each date on which Accounts are valued.
       The Retirement Committee shall establish the Valuation Dates under the
       Plan.

       For purposes of determining the value of each Participant's Account
balance, the Valuation Date means each day that the New York Stock Exchange
is open for trading.



       For purposes of Unscheduled Withdrawals (Unforeseeable Emergencies),
the Valuation Date means the date the Retirement Committee approves a request
for an Unscheduled Withdrawal.

       For purposes of calculating lump sum payments under Section 6.1 or
6.2, the Valuation Date means the last day of the calendar quarter preceding
the Payment Commencement Date.

       For purposes of calculating the dollar amount of quarterly installment
payments, the Valuation Date means the December 31 immediately preceding the
year in which the installments are paid.  As of the last day of each calendar
quarter of each year in which installments are paid, the dollar amount of the
quarterly installment payment will be deducted from the Participant's Account
based on the value of the Participant's deemed investments on the last day of
the calendar quarter.

       For purposes of determining the amount of the final installment
payment, the Valuation Date means the December 31 of the Plan Year in which
the final installment payment is made.  The final installment payment will be
equal to the Participant's remaining Account balance as of the Valuation
Date.

       Any valuation under this Plan shall be based on the closing market
prices of the investment Funds on the applicable Valuation Date or, if the
Valuation Date is not a day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for
trading, the preceding such trading day.

       Payment amounts and deductions from Accounts are based on asset values
as of the Valuation Date even though actual payments to the Participant may
be delayed for an administratively reasonable period of time to allow for
processing and reporting of payments and withholding of applicable taxes.


                                ARTICLE II
                              PARTICIPATION

2.1     Participation

An Eligible Employee, Director or Consultant shall become a Participant in
the Plan by electing to defer a portion of his or her Compensation in
accordance with Section 3.1.
















                              ARTICLE III
                        DEFERRAL OF COMPENSATION

3.1     Participant Elections to Defer Compensation

        (a)   Initial Eligibility.  Each Eligible Employee, Director or
        Consultant may elect to defer Compensation by filing an election with
        the Retirement Committee that conforms to the requirements of this
        Section 3.1, on a form provided by the Retirement Committee, no later
        than the last day of his or her Initial Election Period.  An election
        to defer Salary, Incentive Payments or Fees made during an Initial
        Election Period shall be effective as to Salary, Incentive Payments,
        and Fees earned beginning with the first pay period beginning after
        the Initial Election Period.  Employees who first became Eligible
        Employees during a Plan Year may make an election to defer Bonuses
        payable in subsequent Plan Years by making deferral elections in
        accordance with subsection 3.1(c).

        (b)   Automatic Continuation of Deferral Elections.  A Compensation
        deferral election made under this Section 3.1 shall remain in effect,
        notwithstanding any change in the Participant's Compensation, until
        modified or terminated at a subsequent Annual Election Period or as
        otherwise provided herein.

        (c)   Deferral Elections After Initial Election Period.

             (1)   Irrevocable During Plan Year.  Once a Compensation
             deferral election has taken effect, the Participant's
             Compensation deferral election shall be irrevocable for the
             remainder of the Plan Year.  However, for the 2005 Plan Year
             only, a Participant may irrevocably elect at any time during the
             2005 Plan Year to reduce the percentage to be deferred from
             Salary, Incentive Payments, and Fees earned in the remainder of
             the 2005 Plan Year to zero.

             (2)   Subsequent Plan Years.  Subject to the minimum deferral
             requirement of subsection (d) of this Section, the percentage of
             Salary, Bonus, Incentive Payments and Fees designated by the
             Participant for deferral may be modified by filing a new
             election with the Retirement Committee during an Annual Election
             Period.

             (3)   Special Election Period for 2005.  On or before March 15,
             2005, a Participant may elect to defer Compensation for services
             performed during the 2005 Plan Year, provided that the amounts
             to which the deferral election relates have not been paid or
             made available at the time of the election.

             (4)   Performance Based Compensation.  An election to defer
             Performance Based Compensation must be made and become
             irrevocable (A) no later than six months before the last day of
             the period over which a Participant's performance is measured





             and (B) before the compensation has become both substantially
             certain to be paid and readily ascertainable.

        (d)   Amount of Deferral.

              (1)   Maximum Deferral.  The maximum amount of Compensation
              that an Eligible Employee, Director or Consultant may elect to
              defer is as follows:

                    (A)  Any whole percentage of Salary up to 100%;
                    (B)  Any whole percentage of Bonus up to 100%;
                    (C)  Any whole percentage of Incentive Payments up to
                         100%;
                    (D)  Any whole percentage of Fees up to 100%;

              provided, however, that no election under this Section 3.1
              shall be effective to reduce the Compensation paid to an
              Eligible Employee to an amount that is less than the amount
              necessary to pay applicable employment taxes (e.g., FICA and
              Medicare contributions) payable with respect to amounts
              deferred hereunder, amounts necessary to satisfy any other
              benefit plan withholding obligations, any resulting income
              taxes payable with respect to Compensation that cannot be so
              deferred, and any amounts necessary to satisfy any wage
              garnishment or similar type obligations.

             (2)   Minimum Deferrals.  For each full Plan Year during which
             an Eligible Employee is a Participant, the minimum dollar amount
             that may be deferred under this Section 3.1 is $5,000.  The
             minimum deferral is $1,000 in the case of Directors and
             Consultants.

       (e)   Termination of Deferral Election.  A Participant's deferral
       election shall terminate with respect to future Compensation upon the
       Participant's ceasing to be an Eligible Employee, Director or
       Consultant.

3.2     Director's 1999 Transition Election.  Any Director as of September 1,
1999, shall have made an election on or before September 24, 1999, to either
remain eligible for the Director's Retirement Annuity or to convert such
annuity to the Director's 1999 Transition Retirement Benefit, in either case
such benefit not payable until the Director's Retirement.  In the event an
electing Director converted the Director's Retirement Annuity, such election
shall be irrevocable and paid as provided herein.

3.3     Company or Participating Employer Contributions

       (a)   Eligibility.  An Eligible Employee who qualifies for a
       contribution for a Plan Year under the Profit Sharing Plan (or a
       Participating Employer's qualified retirement plan, if applicable)
       shall be eligible for a Company or Participating Employer contribution
       under this Plan for such Plan Year if he or she either (i) makes a
       Deferral Election under 3.1 for the Plan Year, or (ii) receives




       compensation under the Profit Sharing Plan (or Participating
       Employer's qualified retirement plan, if applicable) exceeding the
       Code [section] 401(a)(17) limit of $200,000 (as indexed) for its Plan
       Year, or both.

       (b)   Contribution.  An Eligible Employee who is eligible under
       subsection 3.3(a) shall be credited with a "Restoration Amount" for
       each Plan Year.  "Restoration Amount" means the amount by which the
       Eligible Employee's allocated share of the "Profit Sharing
       Contribution" (as defined in the Profit Sharing Plan or the
       Participating Employer's qualified retirement plan) for the
       corresponding Plan Year under the Profit Sharing Plan or Participating
       Employer's qualified retirement plan would be higher if calculated on
       the basis of Compensation as defined in this Plan (i) determined
       before any reduction for deferral of Compensation under this Plan; and
       (ii) without regard to the Code [section] 401(a)(17) limit.

       (c)   Discretionary Contributions.  In addition to contributions in
       accordance with Section 3.3(b), the Company or Participating Employer
       may, in its sole discretion, make discretionary contributions to the
       Accounts of one or more Participants at such times and in such amounts
       as the Board, the Participating Employer or the Retirement Committee
       may determine.  At the time that the Company or Participating Employer
       specifies the amount of the Discretionary Contribution, the Company or
       Participating Employer must also specify (1) the time and form of
       payment of the Discretionary Contribution; and (2) the vesting
       schedule, if any, applicable to the Discretionary Contribution.  A
       Participant may change the time and form of payment of the
       Discretionary Contribution only if his or her change is filed with the
       Retirement Committee at least twelve months prior to his or her
       Payment Commencement Date and the first payment made under the newly
       elected form of payment cannot be made sooner than five years after
       the Payment Commencement Date for the form of payment that the
       Participant has elected to change.  For purposes of this subsection,
       the Payment Commencement Date for a series of installment payments is
       treated as the date on which the first of such installment payments
       would be made under the terms of this Plan.

       (d)   Director's Retirement Contribution.  In addition to any
       contributions made in accordance with Sections 3.3(a)-(c), the Company
       shall credit to the Accounts of any electing Director the number of
       shares of Company Stock equivalent to the electing Director's 1999
       Transition Retirement Benefit.  The Company may contribute such shares
       corresponding to the total of all the electing Director's benefits, at
       such time and in such amount as the Board or the Committee may
       determine, provided that any shares so contributed shall remain in the
       name of the Company (or any trust established by the Company for this
       purpose), and shall be its sole property in which no electing Director
       shall have any separable interest.

3.4     Deferral of Long Term Incentive Payments

       (a)   Deferral Permitted.  A Participant who is eligible for a
       potential Long Term Incentive Payment may elect to defer receipt of
       the Long Term Incentive Payment under the provisions of this Section
       3.4.  The deferral election shall be expressed as a percentage of the

       potential Long Term Incentive Payment, in a whole percentage between
       zero and 100.

       (b)   Timing of Deferral.

             (1)   General Rule.  Long Term Incentive Payments generally are
             made in August of each year, based on actual financial
             performance compared against targets established by the Company
             or Participating Employer for the Company's or Participating
             Employer's three preceding fiscal years.  The three-year
             performance period ends on the last day of the Company's or
             Participating Employer's fiscal year.  A Participant must make a
             deferral election no later than the November 30 (or such earlier
             date as the Retirement Committee may establish) of the calendar
             year preceding the calendar year in which the Long Term
             Incentive Payment (if any) is payable.  In addition, the
             deferral election must be made (A) at least six months before
             the last day of the Company's or Participating Employer's fiscal
             year and (B) before the Long Term Incentive Payment has become
             both substantially certain to be paid and readily ascertainable.
             For example, for the Long Term Incentive Payment that is
             anticipated to be paid in August 2008, the deferral election
             would have to be made no later than November 30, 2007.

             (2)   Transition Rules.

                   (A)   Deferral Elections.  For Long Term Incentive
                   Payments payable in 2005 and 2006, a Participant must make
                   a deferral election no later than the December 31 (or such
                   earlier date as the Retirement Committee may establish) of
                   the second calendar year preceding the calendar year in
                   which the Long Term Incentive Payment (if any) is payable.
                   If a Participant made an election during the Annual
                   Election Period in November 2005 to defer Long Term
                   Incentive Payments anticipated to be made in August 2007,
                   the Participant may make an election to defer an
                   additional amount of the Long Term Incentive Payment for
                   August 2007 during the Annual Election Period in November
                   2006.  However, a Participant may not decrease or cancel
                   his or her prior deferral election with respect to Long
                   Term Incentive Payments, except as provided in the case of
                   an unforeseeable financial emergency.

                   (B)   Time and Form of Distribution.  During the Annual
                   Election Period in November 2006, a Participant may change
                   the time and/or form of distribution for the Long Term
                   Incentive Payments that are subject to a deferral election
                   made in November 2005 (and that will be credited to the
                   Participant's Account in August 2007).  This election
                   applies only to amounts that would not otherwise be
                   payable in 2006 and cannot cause an amount to be paid in
                   2006 that would not otherwise be payable in 2006.





             (3)   Long Term Incentive Award Agreement (Mid-Plan Grant).  A
             Long Term Incentive Award Agreement (Mid-Plan Grant) may be used
             to provide incentive compensation similar to an award under the
             Long Term Incentive Plan when an Employee is not eligible for
             the Long Term Incentive Plan as of the eligibility cut-off date
             for a particular three-year performance measuring period.  An
             Eligible Employee may elect to defer payment made pursuant to
             the Long Term Incentive Award Agreement (Mid-Plan Grant) as if
             the payment were received under the Long Term Incentive Plan,
             provided that the Long Term Incentive Award Agreement (Mid-Plan
             Grant) qualifies as Performance Based Compensation.  Any
             election to defer payment under the Long Term Incentive Award
             Agreement (Mid-Plan Grant) must be made no later than the
             November 30 (or such earlier date as the Retirement Committee
             shall establish) of the calendar year preceding the calendar
             year in which an amount under the Long Term Incentive Award
             Agreement (Mid-Plan Grant) is payable.  In addition, the
             deferral election must be made (A) at least six months before
             the last day of the Company's or Participating Employer's fiscal
             year and (B) before the Long Term Incentive Payment has become
             both substantially certain to be paid and readily ascertainable.

             (4)   Interim Payouts.  If the Company or a Participating
             Employer provides for potential interim payouts of Long Term
             Incentive Payments at the end of the first fiscal year of a
             multi-year award period, then a Participant may make a deferral
             election with respect to such a potential first year interim
             payout at any time at least 6 months prior to the last day of
             the period for which the Participant's performance is evaluated
             for purposes of calculating the amount of the interim payout,
             provided that (A) the performance measuring period is at least
             12 months long and (B) the election is made before the interim
             payout is both substantially certain to be paid and readily
             ascertainable.

       (c)   Form of Deferral.  In order to defer Long Term Incentive
       Payments into this Plan, the Participant must irrevocably agree to
       receive the Long Term Incentive Payment in the form of cash and not as
       Company stock.

       (d)   Duration of Deferral Election.  A deferral election under this
       Section 3.4 shall remain in effect from year to year until modified or
       terminated as provided herein.  The percentage of Long Term Incentive
       Payments designated by the Participant for deferral for future years
       may be modified by filing a new election, in accordance with the terms
       of this Section 3.4.

       (e)   Irrevocable Election.  Once the deadline established by the
       Retirement Committee for making or modifying a deferral election has
       passed, a Participant's election to defer receipt of a Long Term
       Incentive Payment under this Plan is irrevocable with respect to the
       Long Term Incentive Payment to which the deferral election relates.

       (f)   Administration.  Long Term Incentive Payments deferred under
       this section shall be accounted for as part of the Participant's
       Account and subject to the investment, distribution, and other
       provisions applicable to such Accounts.

3.5     Investment Elections

       (a)   Hypothetical Investment Funds.  The Retirement Committee may, in
       its discretion, provide each Participant with a list of investment
       Funds available for hypothetical investment, and the Participant may
       designate, in a manner specified by the Retirement Committee, one or
       more Funds in which his or her Account will be deemed to be invested
       for purposes of determining the amount of earnings to be credited to
       that Account.  The Retirement Committee may, from time to time, in its
       sole discretion select a commercially available fund to substitute for
       the Fund actually selected.  The Investment Return of each such
       commercially available fund shall be used to determine the amount of
       earnings to be credited to Participants' Accounts under Section
       4.1(e).

       (b)   Deemed Investment Elections.  In making the designation pursuant
       to this Section 3.5, the Participant may specify that all or any 1%
       multiple of his or her Account be deemed to be invested in one or more
       of the Funds offered by the Retirement Committee.  Subject to such
       limitations and conditions as the Retirement Committee may specify, a
       Participant may change the designation made under this Section 3.5 in
       such manner and at such time or times as the Retirement Committee
       shall specify.  If a Participant fails to elect a Fund under this
       Section 3.5, or if the Retirement Committee shall not provide
       Participants with a list of Funds pursuant to this Section 3.5, the
       Participant shall be deemed to have elected a money market fund.

       (c)   No Company Obligation.  The Company may, but need not, acquire
       investments corresponding to those designated by the Participants
       hereunder, and it is not under any obligation to maintain any
       investment it may make.  Any such investments, if made, shall be in
       the name of the Company, and shall be its sole property in which no
       Participant shall have any interest.

       (d)   Director's Plan Investments.  A 1999 Director's Transition
       Retirement Plan Subaccount shall be maintained on behalf of each
       Director participating in the Plan.  The entirety of an electing
       Director's 1999 Transition Retirement Benefit shall be maintained in
       the 1999 Transition Retirement Plan Subaccount, reflecting the number
       of shares of Company Stock in which the electing Director is vested
       and entitled to under the Plan as his or her 1999 Transition
       Retirement Benefit.  The number of units reflected in an electing
       Director's 1999 Transition Retirement Benefit subaccount shall be
       appropriately adjusted periodically to reflect any dividend, split,
       split-up or any combination or exchange, however, accomplished, with
       respect to the shares of Company Stock represented by such units.










                                ARTICLE IV
                                 ACCOUNTS

4.1     Participant Accounts

The Retirement Committee shall establish and maintain an Account for each
Participant under the Plan.  Each Participant's Account may be further
divided into separate subaccounts ("investment fund subaccounts"),
corresponding to investment Funds selected by the Participant pursuant to
Section 3.5 or as otherwise determined by the Retirement Committee to be
necessary or appropriate for proper Plan administration.  A Participant's
Account shall be credited as follows:

       (a)   Salary, Incentive Payments and Fees Deferrals.  As soon as
       practicable following the end of each applicable pay period, the
       Retirement Committee shall credit the investment fund subaccounts of
       the Participant's Account with an amount equal to Salary, Incentive
       Payments or Fees deferred by the Participant during each pay period in
       accordance with the Participant's election; that is, the portion of
       the Participant's deferred Salary, Incentive Payments or Fees that the
       Participant has elected to be deemed to be invested in a certain type
       of investment Fund shall be credited to the investment fund subaccount
       corresponding to that investment Fund.

       (b)   Bonus Deferrals.  As soon as practicable after each Bonus or
       deferred portion of Bonus would have been paid to the Participant, the
       Retirement Committee shall credit the investment fund subaccounts of
       the Participant's Account with an amount equal to the portion of the
       Bonus deferred by the Participant's election; that is, the portion of
       the Participant's deferred Bonus that the Participant has elected to
       be deemed to be invested in a certain type of investment Fund shall be
       credited to the investment fund subaccount corresponding to that
       investment Fund.

       (c)   Company or Participating Employer Contribution.  As soon as
       practicable after the last day of the Plan Year or such earlier time
       or times as the Retirement Committee may determine, the Retirement
       Committee shall credit the investment fund subaccounts of the
       Participant's Account with an amount equal to the portion, if any, of
       any Company or Participating Employer contribution made to or for the
       Participant's benefit in accordance with Section 3.3; that is, the
       portion of the Participant's Company or Participating Employer
       contribution, if any, that the Participant has elected to be deemed to
       be invested in a certain type of investment Fund shall be credited to
       the investment fund subaccount corresponding to that investment Fund.

       (d)   Long Term Incentive Payments.  As soon as practicable after Long
       Term Incentive Payments are declared and payable, the Committee shall
       credit the investment fund subaccounts of the Participant's Account
       with an amount equal to the portion of the Long Term Incentive Payment
       deferred by the Participant's election under Section 3.4.







       (e)   Investment Returns.  On each Valuation Date, each investment
       fund subaccount of a Participant's Account shall be adjusted for
       deemed Investment Returns in an amount equal to that determined by
       multiplying the balance credited to such investment fund subaccount as
       of the preceding Valuation Date by the Investment Return for the
       corresponding Fund selected by the Company.


                                 ARTICLE V
                                  VESTING

5.1     Compensation Deferrals.  A Participant's Account attributable to
Compensation and Long Term Incentive Payments deferred by a Participant
pursuant to the terms of this Plan, together with any amounts credited to the
Participant's Account under Section 4.1(e) with respect to such deferrals,
shall be 100 percent vested at all times.

5.2     Company or Participating Employer Contributions.  Unless specified
otherwise by the Board, a Participating Employer or the Retirement Committee,
the value of a Participant's Account attributable to any Company or
Participating Employer contributions pursuant to Section 3.3, together with
any amounts credited to the Participant's Account under Section 4.1(e) with
respect to such amounts, shall be vested in the same proportion as the
profit-sharing contributions made to the Participant's account in the Profit
Sharing Plan or in the Participating Employer's qualified retirement plan for
the corresponding plan year.

5.3     Director's 1999 Transition Retirement Plan Investments.  An electing
Director's 1999 Transition Retirement Benefit, together with any earnings
thereon, shall be 100 percent vested at all times.


                                 ARTICLE VI
                                DISTRIBUTIONS

6.1     Termination of Service Due to Retirement, Disability or Death

       (a)   Distribution Event.  If a Participant's Service terminates as a
       result of Retirement, long-term disability (as defined in the
       Company's or Participating Employer's long-term disability plan for
       its employees) or death, and provided that such Participant does not
       return to Service prior to the Payment Commencement Date, the
       Participant's Distributable Amount shall be paid in the form specified
       in 6.1(b).

       (b)   Form of Payment.

             (1)   Default Form of Payment.   Payment of the Distributable
             Amount will be made to the Participant (and after his or her
             death to his or her Beneficiary) in substantially equal
             quarterly installments over 15 years beginning on the





             Participant's Payment Commencement Date.  If the Participant's
             Distributable Amount is paid in installments, the Participant's
             Account value shall continue to be adjusted for investment
             returns pursuant to Section 4.1(e) of the Plan, and the
             installment amount shall be adjusted as of each December 31 for
             installments payable in the following year to reflect gains and
             losses until all amounts credited to the Participant's Account
             under the Plan have been distributed.  The Participant may
             change the default form of payment only in accordance with
             Section 6.1(b)(2), (b)(3) and (b)(4).

             (2)   Optional Forms of Payment.  In lieu of quarterly
             installments over 15 years, a Participant may elect a single
             cash lump sum payment or quarterly installments over five or 10
             years.  The election must be made during an Election Period
             under the Plan and will apply to the entire amount of
             Compensation that is subject to the Participant's deferral
             election for that Election Period, as well as any Long Term
             Incentive Payments or Company or Participating Employer
             Contributions credited to the Participant's Account during that
             same Plan Year.   A separate optional form of payment may be
             elected at each Election Period during the Participant's
             participation in the Plan.  If the Participant fails to elect an
             optional form of payment at any given Election Period, then the
             form of payment specified in the most recent Election Period
             shall apply to all subsequent amounts deferred under the Plan,
             until a different election is made at a subsequent Election
             Period.  Once an optional form of payment has been elected with
             respect to amounts deferred for a Plan Year, the Participant can
             change the optional form of payment only in accordance with
             6.1(b)(3) or 6.1(b)(4).

             (3)   Change in Form After 2005.  A Participant may change his
             or her form of distribution under this subsection 6.1(b) in a
             Plan Year beginning after 2005, provided that:

                   (A)   his or her change is filed with the Retirement
                   Committee at least twelve months prior to his or her
                   Payment Commencement Date; and

                   (B)   the first payment made under the newly elected form
                   of payment cannot be made sooner than five years after the
                   Payment Commencement Date for the form of payment that the
                   Participant has elected to change.  For purposes of this
                   subsection, the Payment Commencement Date for a series of
                   installment payments is treated as the date on which the
                   first of such installment payments would be made under the
                   terms of this Plan.

             (4)   Change in Form During 2005.  During the 2005 Plan Year
             only, a Participant may change his or her form of distribution
             under this subsection 6.1(b), provided that his or her change is
             filed with the Retirement Committee at least one year prior to
             his or her Payment Commencement Date.

             (5)   Small Benefit Amounts.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
             distribution provisions of 6.1(a), if the Participant's
             Distributable Amount is $25,000 or less, the Distributable
             Amount shall automatically be distributed in the form of a cash
             lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the
             Participant's Payment Commencement Date.

             (6)   Section 162(m).  Amounts payable pursuant to this
             subsection 6.1(b) shall be subject to the limitation on payout
             under Section 6.6.

             (7)   Death While Receiving Benefits.  If the Participant is in
             pay status at the time of death, the Beneficiary shall be paid
             the remaining quarterly installments as they come due.

       (c)   Director's 1999 Transition Retirement Plan Distribution.
       Notwithstanding the foregoing distribution provisions with respect to
       a Participant's other Accounts, an electing Director's 1999 Transition
       Retirement Benefit and Company Stock subaccounts, shall be paid to
       such Director (or his or her designated beneficiary) in a single lump
       sum distribution upon the Director's Retirement, long-term disability
       or death. Distributions of such subaccounts shall be made in shares of
       Company Stock.

6.2     Termination of Service For Reasons Other Than Retirement, Disability,
or Death.  In the case of a Participant whose Service terminates for any
reason other then Retirement, long-term disability, or death, the
Participant's distribution elections shall be disregarded, and the
Distributable Amount shall be paid to the Participant in the form of a single
cash lump sum as soon as practicable after the Participant's Payment
Commencement Date, provided that no such distribution shall occur in the
event the Participant returns to Service prior to the Payment Commencement
Date.

6.3     Scheduled Withdrawals

        (a)   Timing.  At any Election Period, a Participant may, in
        connection with his or her election to defer Compensation, specify a
        withdrawal date (a "Scheduled Withdrawal") for all of his or her
        Compensation deferred pursuant to the election made during the
        Election Period.  A Participant's Scheduled Withdrawal election must
        specify a Scheduled Withdrawal date that is on a December 31 at least
        three years after the date the election is received by the Company.

        (b)   Procedure.  The election to take a Scheduled Withdrawal shall
        be made by filing a form provided by and filed with the Retirement
        Committee.

        (c)   Amount Distributable.  The amount payable to a Participant in
        connection with a Scheduled Withdrawal shall in all cases be 100
        percent of the deferred Compensation that is subject to the
        Participant's Scheduled Withdrawal election for the applicable
        Election Period, together with any earnings credited to such deferred
        Compensation amounts pursuant to Section 4.1(e), determined as of the
        Scheduled Withdrawal date, provided that no portion of the Account
        attributable to Company or Participating Employer contributions
        described in Section 3.3, if any, shall be eligible for Scheduled
        Withdrawal.

        (d)   Postponement.  A Participant may, at least one year prior to a
        Scheduled Withdrawal date, revoke his or her Scheduled Withdrawal
        election in favor of a later Scheduled Withdrawal date that is at
        least five years later, provided that a Participant may not postpone
        a Scheduled Withdrawal more than twice.  The five-year minimum
        postponement period does not apply to postponement elections made on
        or before December 31, 2005.

        (e)   Form.  Subject to Section 6.6, payment of a Scheduled
        Withdrawal shall be made in a single lump sum as soon as
        administratively practicable after the Scheduled Withdrawal date.

        (f)   Effect of Termination of Service.  A Participant's Scheduled
        Withdrawal election shall become void and of no effect upon
        termination of the Participant's Service for any reason before the
        Participant's Scheduled Withdrawal date.  In such event, the
        distribution provisions of Section 6.1 or 6.2 (as applicable) shall
        apply.

6.4     Unscheduled Withdrawals Due to Financial Emergency

        (a)   Standard.  Participants may request a withdrawal of amounts
        attributable to Compensation deferrals prior to the time such amounts
        would otherwise be distributed under this Plan only upon
        demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Retirement Committee that
        the Participant has experienced an unforeseeable financial emergency.
        For purposes of this section, an unforeseeable financial emergency
        means a severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from
        an illness or accident of the Participant, the Participant's spouse,
        or the Participant's tax dependent(s), loss of the Participant's
        property due to casualty, or other similar extraordinary and
        unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the
        Participant's control.

        (b)   Procedure.  The election to take an Unscheduled Withdrawal
        shall be made by filing a form provided by and filed with the
        Retirement Committee.  Upon receiving an Unscheduled Withdrawal
        request, the Retirement Committee shall determine, in its discretion
        as applied in a uniform and nondiscriminatory manner, whether to
        permit any such Unscheduled Withdrawal and the amount, if any, to be
        withdrawn.

        (c)   Amount.  The amount distributed for an Unscheduled Withdrawal
        shall be limited to the amount necessary to satisfy the financial
        emergency, plus an amount necessary to pay taxes reasonably
        anticipated as a result of the distribution, after taking into
        account the extent to which the financial emergency is or may be
        relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or
        otherwise or by liquidation of the Participant's assets.

        (d)   Suspension of Participation.  If a Participant receives an
        Unscheduled Withdrawal, the Participant shall be ineligible to
        participate in the Plan for the balance of the Plan Year in which the
        Unscheduled Withdrawal occurs.

        (e)   Partial Unscheduled Withdrawals.  An Unscheduled Withdrawal
        pursuant to this Section 6.4 of less than the Participant's total
        Account shall be made pro rata from his or her assumed investments
        according to the balances in such investments as of the Valuation
        Date for Unscheduled Withdrawals.  Payment of the approved
        Unscheduled Withdrawal amount shall be made in a single cash lump sum
        as soon as administratively practicable after the Unscheduled
        Withdrawal election is approved by the Retirement Committee.

6.5     Change of Control

Notwithstanding anything in this Article 6 to the contrary, including, but
not limited to, Section 6.6 below, the Distributable Amount shall be paid to
each Participant, or to the Beneficiary of each deceased Participant, within
30 days after the date of a Change of Control.  Such amount shall be paid in
such form as elected by the Participant with respect to a distribution by
reason of the Participant's Retirement or, if no such election has been
filed, in a lump sum.

6.6     Section 162(m) Limitation

If the Retirement Committee determines in good faith prior to a Change of
Control that there is a reasonable likelihood that all or any portion of any
payment of benefits under this Article 6 to a Participant would not be
deductible for federal income tax purposes by the Company or a Participating
Employer because of a limitation on the total amount of the Participant's
deductible compensation from the Company or the Participating Employer,
including any other such compensation already paid to the Participant earlier
in the same fiscal year of the Company or Participating Employer, the
following shall apply:

        (a)   Deferred Payment.  Payment of the non-deductible amount shall
        be deferred until the first day of the following fiscal year of the
        Company or Participating Employer that employs the Participant.

        (b)   Additional Deferral.  If the amount deferred under subsection
        (a) would exceed the limitation of the total amount of the
        Participant's deductible compensation from the Company or
        Participating Employer for the following fiscal year, the excess
        shall be deferred to the first day of the succeeding fiscal year in
        which the deductibility of compensation paid or payable to the
        Participant will not be so limited, subject to subsection (c).

        (c)   Limit on Deferral.  In no event shall any payment be deferred
        under this Section 6.6 more than three years from the date scheduled
        for payment under this Section 6.

        (d)   Investment Returns.  Adjustment for earnings shall continue to
        be applied under Section 4.1(e) during the period of deferral under
        this Section 6.6.

6.7     Inability To Locate Participant

In the event that the Retirement Committee is unable to locate a Participant
or Beneficiary within two years following the Participant's Distribution
Event, the amount allocated to the Participant's Account shall be



conditionally forfeited.  If, after such forfeiture, the Participant or
Beneficiary later claims such benefit, such benefit (calculated immediately
prior to the forfeiture) shall be reinstated without interest or earnings
from the date of the conditional forfeiture.


                                    ARTICLE VII
                                   ADMINISTRATION

7.1     Retirement Committee

A Retirement Committee shall be appointed by, and serve at the pleasure of,
the Board.  The number of members comprising the Retirement Committee shall
be determined by the Board, which may from time to time vary the number of
members.  A member of the Retirement Committee may resign by delivering a
written notice of resignation to the Board.  The Board may remove any member
by delivering a certified copy of its resolution of removal to such member.
Vacancies in the membership of the Retirement Committee shall be filled
promptly by the Board.

7.2     Retirement Committee Action

A majority of the members of the Retirement Committee at the time in office
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings.
The Retirement Committee shall act at meetings at which a quorum of members
is present by affirmative vote of a simple majority of the members present.
Any action permitted to be taken at a meeting may be taken without a meeting
if, prior to such action, a written consent to the action is signed by all
members of the Retirement Committee and such written consent is filed with
the minutes of the proceedings of the Retirement Committee.  A member of the
Retirement Committee shall not vote or act upon any matter which relates
solely to himself or herself as a Participant.  The chairman or any other
member or members of the Retirement Committee designated by the chairman may
execute any certificate or other written direction on behalf of the
Retirement Committee.

7.3     Powers and Duties of the Retirement Committee

        (a)   General.  The Retirement Committee, on behalf of the
        Participants and their Beneficiaries, shall enforce the Plan in
        accordance with its terms, shall be charged with the general
        administration of the Plan and shall have all powers necessary to
        accomplish its purposes, including, but not by way of limitation, the
        following:

             (1)   To select the funds to be the investment Funds in
             accordance with Section 3.5 hereof;
             (2)   To construe and interpret the terms and provisions of this
             Plan;
             (3)   To amend, modify, suspend or terminate the Plan in
             accordance with Section 9.4;
             (4)   To provide periodic statements of Account to Participants
             and Beneficiaries;




             (5)   To compute and certify the amount and kind of benefits
             payable to Participants and their Beneficiaries and to direct
             the Trustee as to the distribution of Trust assets;
             (6)   To maintain all records that may be necessary for the
             administration of the Plan;
             (7)   To provide for the disclosure of all information and the
             filing or provision of all reports and statements to
             Participants, Beneficiaries or governmental agencies as shall be
             required by law;
             (8)   To make and publish such rules for the regulation of the
             Plan and procedures for the administration of the Plan as are
             not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan document;
             (9)   To appoint and retain legal counsel to assist the
             Retirement Committee in carrying out the administration of the
             Plan; and
             (10)   To appoint a plan administrator or any other agent, and
             to delegate to them such powers and duties in connection with
             the administration of the Plan as the Retirement Committee may
             from time to time prescribe.

        (b)   Corrective Action.  In the event that any Participants are
        found to be ineligible, that is, not members of a select group of
        management or highly compensated employees, according to a
        determination made by the U.S. Department of Labor, the Retirement
        Committee shall take whatever steps it deems necessary, in its sole
        discretion, to equitably protect the interests of all Participants.

        (c)   Construction and Interpretation.  The Retirement Committee
        shall have full discretion to construe and interpret the terms and
        provisions of this Plan, which interpretation or construction shall
        be final and binding on all parties, including but not limited to the
        Company, the Participating Employers, and any Participant or
        Beneficiary.  The Retirement Committee shall administer such terms
        and provisions in a uniform and nondiscriminatory manner and in full
        accordance with any and all laws applicable to the Plan.

        (d)   Information.  To enable the Retirement Committee to perform its
        functions, the Company and Participating Employers shall supply full
        and timely information to the Retirement Committee on all matters
        relating to the Compensation of all Participants, their death or
        other cause of termination, and such other pertinent facts as the
        Retirement Committee may reasonably require.  The Retirement
        Committee is entitled to rely on the accuracy of all such information
        provided.

        (e)   Compensation, Expenses and Indemnity.  The members of the
        Retirement Committee shall serve without compensation for their
        services in connection with Plan administration.  Expenses and fees
        in connection with the administration of the Plan shall be paid by
        the Company.  To the extent permitted by applicable state law, the
        Company and Participating Employers shall indemnify and save harmless
        the Retirement Committee and each member thereof, the Board, and any
        delegate of the Retirement Committee who is an employee of the
        Company or a Participating Employer, against any and all expenses,
        liabilities and claims, including legal fees to defend against such
        liabilities and claims arising out of their discharge in good faith
        of responsibilities under or incident to the Plan, other than
        expenses and liabilities arising out of bad faith or willful
        misconduct.  This indemnity shall not preclude such further
        indemnities as may be available under insurance purchased by the
        Company or a Participating Employer or provided by the Company or a
        Participating Employer under any bylaw, agreement or otherwise, to
        the extent such indemnities are permitted under state law.

7.4     Trustee Duties

The Trustee shall manage, invest and reinvest the Trust Fund as provided in
the Trust Agreement.  The Trustee shall collect the income on the Trust Fund,
and make distributions therefrom, all as provided in this Plan and in the
Trust Agreement.  The Trustee shall not be liable for any failure by the
Company to provide contributions sufficient to pay all accrued benefits under
the Plan in accordance with the terms of this Plan.

7.5     Company Duties

While the Plan remains in effect, the Company shall make contributions to the
Trust Fund at least once each quarter.  As soon as practicable after the
close of each Plan quarter, the Company shall make an additional contribution
to the Trust Fund to the extent that previous contributions to the Trust Fund
for the current Plan quarter are less than the total of the Compensation
deferrals made by each Participant plus Company or Participating Employer
contributions, if any, accrued as of the close of the current Plan quarter.


                               ARTICLE VIII
                              CLAIMS PROCEDURE

8.1     Submission of Claim

Benefits shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of this Plan.  The
Participant, or any person claiming through the Participant ("Claiming
Party"), shall make a written request for benefits under this Plan, mailed or
delivered to the Retirement Committee.  Such claim shall be reviewed by the
Retirement Committee or its delegate.


8.2     Denial of Claim

If a claim for payment of benefits is denied in full or in part, the
Retirement Committee or its delegate shall provide a written notice to the
Claiming Party within ninety (90) days setting forth:  (a) the specific
reasons for denial; (b) any additional material or information necessary to
perfect the claim; (c) an explanation of why such material or information is
necessary; and (d) an explanation of the steps to be taken for a review of
the denial.  A claim shall be deemed denied if the Retirement Committee or
its delegate does not take any action within the ninety (90) day period for
making an initial claim decision.







8.3     Review of Denied Claim

If the Claiming Party desires review of a denied claim, the Claiming Party
shall notify the Retirement Committee or its delegate in writing within sixty
(60) days after receipt of the written notice of denial.  As part of such
written request, the Claiming Party may request a review of the Plan document
or other pertinent documents, may submit any written issues and comments, and
may request an extension of time for such written submission of issues and
comments.

8.4     Decision upon Review of Denied Claim

The decision on the review of the denied claim shall be rendered by the
Retirement Committee or its delegate (which may include a review
subcommittee) within sixty (60) days after receipt of the request for review.
The decision shall be in writing and shall state the specific reasons for the
decision, including reference to specific provisions of the Plan on which the
decision is based.  With prior notice to the Claiming Party, the reviewing
authority may invoke an extension of 60 additional days to review the claim.


                              ARTICLE IX
                             MISCELLANEOUS

9.1     Unsecured General Creditor

Participants and their Beneficiaries, heirs, successors, and assigns shall
have no legal or equitable rights, claims, or interests in any specific
property or assets of the Company or any Participating Employer.  No assets
of the Company or a Participating Employer shall be held in any way as
collateral security for the fulfilling of the obligations of the Company
under this Plan.  Any and all of the Company's and Participating Employers'
assets shall be, and remain, the general unpledged, unrestricted assets of
the Company or Participating Employers, as applicable.  The Company's
obligation under the Plan shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured
promise of the Company to pay money in the future, and the rights of the
Participants and Beneficiaries shall be no greater than those of unsecured
general creditors.

9.2     Restriction Against Assignment

The Company shall pay all amounts payable hereunder only to the person or
persons designated by the Plan and not to any other person or entity.  No
part of a Participant's Account shall be liable for the debts, contracts, or
engagements of any Participant, his or her Beneficiary, or successors in
interest, nor shall a Participant's Account be subject to execution by levy,
attachment, or garnishment or by any other legal or equitable proceeding, nor
shall any such person have any right to alienate, anticipate, commute,
pledge, encumber, or assign any benefits or payments hereunder in any manner
whatsoever.  If any Participant, Beneficiary or successor in interest is
adjudicated bankrupt or purports to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer,
assign, pledge, encumber or charge any distribution or payment from the Plan,
voluntarily or involuntarily, the Retirement Committee, in its discretion,
may cancel such distribution or payment (or any part thereof) to or for the
benefit of such Participant, Beneficiary or successor in interest in such
manner as the Retirement Committee shall direct.

9.3     Withholding

There shall be withheld from each payment made under the Plan all taxes,
which are required to be withheld by the Company in respect to such payment.
The Company shall have the right to reduce any payment by the amount of cash
sufficient to provide the amount of said taxes.


9.4     Amendment, Modification, Suspension or Termination

The Retirement Committee may amend, modify, suspend or terminate the Plan in
whole or in part, except that no amendment, modification, suspension or
termination shall have any retroactive effect to reduce any vested amounts
allocated to a Participant's Account, provided that a termination or
suspension of the Plan or any Plan amendment or modification that will
significantly increase costs to the Company shall be approved by the Board.
In the event that this Plan is terminated, the timing of the disposition of
the amounts credited to a Participant's Account shall occur in accordance
with Section 6.1 or 6.2, whichever is applicable, subject to earlier
distribution at the discretion of the Retirement Committee to the extent that
earlier distribution would not result in imposition of additional tax under
Code Section 409A.

9.5     Governing Law

This Plan shall be construed, governed and administered in accordance with
the laws of the State of Oregon.

9.6     Entire Agreement

This Plan document constitutes the agreement of the parties with respect to
deferred compensation.  Only the Retirement Committee is authorized to
construe and interpret this Plan.  No employee or agent of the Company or a
Participating Employer is authorized to modify or amend the terms of this
Plan, or to make promises or to commit the Company or Participating Employers
to provide additional benefits or other benefits not expressly provided for
in this Plan document.  In the event of conflict between this Plan document
and any other oral or written communication regarding the Plan, this Plan
document shall be controlling.

9.7     Receipt or Release

Any payment to a Participant or the Participant's Beneficiary in accordance
with the provisions of the Plan shall, to the extent thereof, be in full
satisfaction of all claims against the Retirement Committee, the Company, and
the Participating Employers.  The Retirement Committee may require such
Participant or Beneficiary, as a condition precedent to such payment, to
execute a receipt and release to such effect.









9.8     Payments on Behalf of Persons Under Incapacity

In the event that any amount becomes payable under the Plan to a person who,
in the sole judgment of the Retirement Committee, is considered by reason of
physical or mental condition to be unable to give a valid receipt therefore,
the Retirement Committee may direct that such payment be made to any person
found by the Retirement Committee, in its sole judgment, to have assumed the
care of such person.  Any payment made pursuant to such determination shall
constitute a full release and discharge of the Retirement Committee, the
Company, and the Participating Employers.

9.9     No Employment Rights

Participation in this Plan shall not confer upon any person any right to be
employed by the Company or a Participating Employer or any other right not
expressly provided hereunder.

9.10     Headings, etc.  Not Part of Agreement

Headings and subheadings in this Plan are inserted for convenience of
reference only and are not to be considered in the construction of the
provisions hereof.

9.11     Tax Liabilities from Plan

If, due to a change in applicable law or regulations or enforcement activity
by the Internal Revenue Service, all or any portion of a Participant's
benefit under this Plan generates a state or federal income tax liability to
the Participant prior to receipt, the provision or provisions of the Plan
that would generate such taxation shall be considered null and void to the
extent, and only to the extent, necessary to avoid the tax liability.  If,
notwithstanding the actions taken to avoid the tax liability, a tax liability
is generated before a Participant is eligible to receive a Plan benefit, each
affected Participant may petition the Retirement Committee for a distribution
of funds sufficient to meet such liability (including additions to tax,
penalties and interest).  Upon the grant of such a petition, which grant
shall not be unreasonably withheld, the Company shall distribute to the
Participant immediately available funds in an amount equal to that
Participant's federal, state and local tax liability associated with such
taxation, which liability shall be measured by using that Participant's then
current highest federal, state and local marginal tax rate, plus the rates or
amounts for the applicable additions to tax, penalties and interest.  At the
discretion of the Company, this distribution may or may not include an
additional amount to "gross up" the tax liability distribution to include all
applicable taxes on the tax liability distribution and the grossed up amount.
If the petition is granted, the tax liability distribution (including gross-
up) shall be made as soon as practicable after the date when the
Participant's










petition is granted.  Such a distribution shall reduce the benefits to be
paid under Article VI of the Plan.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this document to be executed by
its duly authorized officer on this 18th day of December, 2006.

                                        NIKE, INC.


                                        By:

                                        Title:








</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
