-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 JIN8NOGtcoqNw+zCMeVi/DUluqarZO1GGtUKXfjMX3zvtgo/9POQCVKn5BaOFRFB
 Anuroozj1rw+8UBi15dZnA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000320187-07-000227.txt : 20071025
<SEC-HEADER>0000320187-07-000227.hdr.sgml : 20071025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20071025163513
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000320187-07-000227
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20071023
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20071025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20071025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NIKE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320187
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RUBBER & PLASTICS FOOTWEAR [3021]
		IRS NUMBER:				930584541
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10635
		FILM NUMBER:		071191175

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BOWERMAN DR
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97005-6453
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5036713173

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BOWERMAN DR
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97005-6453
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f8k071025.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K - UMBRO ANNOUNCEMENT
<TEXT>
                               UNITED STATES
                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          Washington, DC 20549


                                 FORM 8-K


                              CURRENT REPORT
 Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934


   Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): October 23, 2007.


                                 NIKE, INC.

          (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)


       Oregon                  1-10635                 93-0584541
    ____________             ____________             ____________

   (State of                  (Commission            (I.R.S.Employer
   Incorporation)            File Number)          Identification No.)

                             One Bowerman Drive
                         Beaverton, Oregon 97005-6453

                   (Address of Principal Executive Offices)
                          __________________________

                               (503) 671-6453

             (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

                                NO CHANGE
                          ______________________
        (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any
of the following provisions:

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
    (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under Exchange Act (17
    CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
    Exchange Act (17CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
    Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

                          ___________________________

Item 1.01  Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On October 23, 2007, NIKE, Inc. (the ?Company?) entered into an Implementation
Agreement with Umbro Plc, a United Kingdom company, under which the Company has
offered to acquire all of the outstanding share capital of Umbro Plc in an all-
cash offer of 1.95 British pounds sterling per share, and the Company and Umbro
Plc agreed to the terms of the acquisition. The transaction is subject to
customary closing conditions.

The above description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the Implementation Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this
current report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 7.01  Regulation FD Disclosure

On October 23, 2007 the Company issued a press release disclosing the
Company?s offer to acquire Umbro Plc.  The Company also held a
telephone call to discuss the offer to acquire Umbro Plc.  The press
release and a transcript of the telephone call are furnished herewith as
Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2.

Item 9.01  Financial Statements & Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

     2.1   Implementation Agreement dated October 23, 2007, between Umbro
           Plc, NIKE Vapor Ltd. and NIKE, Inc.

The following exhibits are furnished with this Form 8-K:

    99.1   Press Release dated October 23, 2007.
    99.2   Transcript of conference call on October 23, 2007.


                             SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                          NIKE, Inc.
                                         (Registrant)

Date:  October 25, 2007
                                         /s/ Donald W. Blair
                                         __________________________
                                         By: Donald W. Blair
                                             Chief Financial Officer


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1 - IMPLEMENTATION AGMT.
<TEXT>
                                                               EXHIBIT 2.1





                           DATED 23 October 2007







                                UMBRO PLC

                             NIKE VAPOR LTD.

                                   and


                               NIKE, INC.






                       IMPLEMENTATION AGREEMENT




















                          Baker & McKenzie LLP

                                London
                           Ref: TAS/REA/STC



                               CONTENTS

Clause                                                            Page

1.    Definitions and Interpretation                                 1
2.    Implementation of the acquisition                              8
3.    Obligations of Nike Vapor and Umbro                           10
4.    Publication of the Acquisition Document                       14
5.    Recommendation                                                15
6.    Competing Proposals                                           16
7.    Conduct of Business Pending Completion of the Acquisition     17
8.    Employee Compensation and Benefits                            19
9.    Inducement Fee                                                21
10.   Termination                                                   22
11.   Confirmations                                                 23
12.   Announcement                                                  23
13.   Further Announcements                                         23
14.   Confidentiality                                               24
15.   Counterparts                                                  24
16.   Variation, Waiver and Consent                                 24
17.   Rights and remedies cumulative                                24
18.   Entire Agreement                                              24
19.   Notices                                                       25
20.   Severability                                                  26
21.   Costs                                                         26
22.   Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999                  26
23.   Time of the Essence                                           27
24.   Assignment                                                    27
25.   Disputes                                                      27

Schedule

SCHEDULE 1
Form of Press Announcement                                          28
SCHEDULE 2
Indicative Timetable                                                29
SCHEDULE 3
Form of General Meeting Resolutions                                 30
SCHEDULE 4
The Resolutions                                                     33
APPENDIX 1
Amounts to be Paid Out under the Umbro Long Term
  Incentive Plan 2004                                               34














THIS IMPLEMENTATION AGREEMENT is made on 23 October 2007

BETWEEN:

(1)     UMBRO PLC, company incorporated in England and Wales with registered
        number 3674789, whose registered office is at Umbro House, Lakeside,
        Cheadle, Cheshire SK8 3GQ (?Umbro?);

(2)     NIKE VAPOR LTD, company incorporated in England and Wales with
        registered number 6403083, whose registered office is at 1 Victory
        Way, Doxford International Business Park, Sunderland, Tyne & Wear,
        SR3 3XP (?Nike Vapor?); and

(3)     NIKE, INC., an Oregon corporation, whose address of principal
        executive offices is at One Bowerman Drive, Beaverton, Oregon 97005-
        6453 (?Nike?).

RECITALS:

(A)     Nike Vapor proposes to announce a firm intention to make a
        recommended cash offer for the entire issued and to be issued share
        capital of Umbro pursuant to Rule 2.5 of the Takeover Code.

(B)     Nike Vapor, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nike, was formed for the
        purpose of effecting the Acquisition, which will be implemented by
        means of a scheme of arrangement under section 425 of the Companies
        Act 1985 to be proposed by Umbro to its shareholders.

(C)     Nike Vapor reserves the right, as set out in this Agreement and the
        Press Announcement, to elect to implement the Acquisition by way of a
        Takeover Offer (as such term is defined in section 974 of the
        Companies Act 2006) for the entire issued and to be issued share
        capital of Umbro (the ?Takeover Offer?) rather than by way of a
        scheme of arrangement under section 425 of the Companies Act 1985.

(D)     The Acquisition will be made on or substantially on the terms and
        subject to the conditions (i) set out in the Press Announcement and
        in this Agreement; and (ii) to be set out in the Scheme Circular (or,
        if relevant, the Offer Document).

(E)     The parties wish to enter into this Agreement to set out certain
        mutual commitments to implement the Acquisition (including the Scheme
        and, if relevant, the Takeover Offer) and certain matters relating to
        the conduct of the Umbro Group business pending the Acquisition
        Effective Date.

IT IS AGREED as follows:


1.   DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1  Defined Terms

     In this agreement, the following words and expressions shall have the
     following meaning (including in the introductory provisions):

?Acquisition?                    means the proposed acquisition by Nike of
                                 the entire issued and to be issued ordinary
                                 share capital of Umbro substantially on the
                                 terms and conditions set out in the Press
                                 Announcement or, should Nike so elect in
                                 accordance with Clause 3.5 of this
                                 Agreement, by way of a Takeover Offer;

?Acquisition Document?           means (i) if the Scheme is (or is to be)
                                 implemented, the Scheme Circular; or (ii) if
<PAGE>
                                 the Takeover Offer is (or is to be)
                                 implemented, the Offer Document;

?Acquisition Effective Date?     means the date upon which (i) the Scheme
                                 becomes effective in accordance with its
                                 terms; or (ii) if Nike Vapor elects to
                                 implement the Acquisition by way of a
                                 Takeover Offer, the date that the Takeover
                                 Offer becomes or is declared unconditional
                                 in all respects;

?Anti-trust Authority?           means any anti-trust or competition
                                 Regulatory Authority;

?Anti-trust Clearances?          means any Clearances required by any Anti-
                                 trust Authority;

?Board?                          means the board of directors of Umbro from
                                 time to time;

?Business Day?                   means any day, other than a Saturday or
                                 Sunday or a public holiday in the UK;

?Clearances?                     means all authorisations, orders,
                                 recognitions, grants, consents, licenses,
                                 confirmations, certificates, clearances,
                                 permissions and approvals as are deemed by
                                 Nike Vapor to be necessary or appropriate,
                                 and all findings and waiting periods as are
                                 necessary or appropriate, from or under the
                                 laws, regulations or practices applied by
                                 any Relevant Authority in connection with
                                 the implementation of, in each case to the
                                 extent relevant, the Acquisition, the Scheme
                                 or the Takeover Offer (including, but not
                                 limited to the Conditions), and references
                                 to ?Clearances? and ?being satisfied? shall
                                 be construed as meaning that the foregoing
                                 have been obtained on terms and in a form
                                 reasonably satisfactory to Nike Vapor or,
                                 where appropriate, waived or expired;

?Companies Act 1985?             means the Companies Act 1985 (as amended);

?Companies Act 2006?             means the Companies Act 2006 (as amended);

?Competing Proposal?             means (i) any bona fide proposal by a third
                                 party which is not acting in concert (as
                                 defined in the Takeover Code) with Nike
                                 Vapor to announce or implement an offer,
                                 scheme of arrangement, merger or business
                                 combination, or similar transaction, the
                                 purpose of which is to enable that third
                                 party (or any other person not being Nike
                                 Vapor or any member of its Group and/or any
                                 person acting in concert with Nike Vapor) to
                                 acquire a majority of the entire issued and
                                 to be issued share capital of Umbro, or as
                                 the case may be any announcement thereof; or
                                 (ii) any transaction that constitutes a
                                 Class 1 disposal for Umbro for the purposes
                                 of the Listing Rules, and, for these
                                 purposes, ?proposed? shall include an
                                 approach with a view to making a proposal
                                 with regard to the same;

?Completion?                     means the completion of the Acquisition upon
                                 the registration of the Court Orders or, if
                                 Nike elects to effect the Acquisition by way
                                 of a Takeover Offer, upon the Takeover Offer
                                 becoming unconditional in all respects;
<PAGE>
?Conditions?                     means (i) if the Acquisition is being
                                 implemented by the Scheme, the conditions
                                 comprising the Scheme Conditions; or (ii) if
                                 the Acquisition is being implemented by way
                                 of the Takeover Offer, the conditions
                                 comprising the Takeover Offer Conditions;

?Court?                          means the High Court of Justice in England
                                 and Wales;

?Court Hearings?                 means the hearings by the Court of the
                                 application (i) to sanction the Scheme; and
                                 (ii) to confirm the Umbro Capital Reduction
                                 (and to grant the Court Order);

?Court Meeting?                  means the meeting of holders of Scheme
                                 Shares (and any adjournment thereof) to be
                                 convened by order of the Court pursuant to
                                 section 425 of the Companies Act 1985 to
                                 consider and vote on the Scheme (with or
                                 without amendment) and, if required, any
                                 meeting held as a result of an adjournment
                                 by Umbro or a reconvening by the Court
                                 thereof in accordance with this Agreement;

?Court Orders?                   means the orders of the Court sanctioning
                                 the Scheme under section 425 of the
                                 Companies Act 1985 and confirming the Umbro
                                 Capital Reduction under section 137 of the
                                 Companies Act 1985, and ?Court Order? means
                                 either one of them;

?Day 60?                         means the final date set by the Panel, in
                                 accordance with the Takeover Code as ?Day
                                 60? in connection with the Acquisition to
                                 the extent it is implemented by way of a
                                 Takeover Offer;

?Day 81?                         means the final date set by the Panel, in
                                 accordance with the Takeover Code as ?Day
                                 81? in connection with the Acquisition to
                                 the extent it is implemented by way of a
                                 Takeover Offer;

?Directors?                      means the directors of Umbro from time-to-
                                 time;

?Exchange Act?                   means the United States Securities Exchange
                                 Act of 1934 (as amended) and the rules and
                                 regulations promulgated thereunder;

?Excluded Shares?                means any Umbro Shares beneficially owed by
                                 any member of the Nike Group or any Umbro
                                 Shares held in treasury by Umbro;

?First Court Hearing Date?       means the date of the hearing by the Court
                                 to sanction the Scheme;

?FSMA?                           means the Financial Services and Markets Act
                                 2000 (as amended);

?General Meeting?                means the extraordinary general meeting of
                                 Umbro shareholders (including any
                                 adjournment thereof) to be convened to
                                 consider and, if thought fit, to approve
                                 certain resolutions as set out in Schedule 3
                                 in relation to the Scheme and, if relevant,
                                 the Acquisition (with or without
<PAGE>
                                 amendments);

?Group?                          means, in relation to any person, that
                                 person and any companies which are holding
                                 companies, subsidiaries or subsidiary
                                 undertakings of it or of any such holding
                                 company;

?Inducement Fee?                 has the meaning given in clause 9;

?Listing Rules?                  means the rules and regulations made by the
                                 Financial Services Authority in its capacity
                                 as the UK Listing Authority under the FSMA,
                                 and contained in the UK Listing Authority?s
                                 publication of the same name, as amended
                                 from time to time;

?Meetings?                       means the Court Meeting and the General
                                 Meeting;

?Offer Document?                 means, if following the date of this
                                 Agreement Nike Vapor elects to implement the
                                 Acquisition by way of a Takeover Offer in
                                 accordance with clause 3.5, the document to
                                 be posted to Umbro Shareholders and others
                                 pursuant to which the Takeover Offer is made
                                 by Nike Vapor (or such other entity as it
                                 may elect) containing, amongst other things,
                                 the Takeover Offer Conditions and certain
                                 information about Nike Vapor and Umbro and,
                                 where the context so permits, including any
                                 form of acceptance, election, notice or
                                 other document required in connection with
                                 the Takeover Offer;

?Official List?                  means the official list of the UK Listing
                                 Authority;

?Panel?                          means the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers;

?Part VI Rules?                  means any of the Listing Rules, Disclosure
                                 Rules and Transparency Rules or Prospectus
                                 Rules made by the UK Financial Services
                                 Authority in exercise of its functions as
                                 competent authority pursuant to Part VI of
                                 FSMA;

?Press Announcement?             means the draft press announcement set out
                                 in Schedule 1;

?Registrar?                      means the Registrar of Companies for England
                                 and Wales;

?Relevant Authority?             means any central bank, ministry,
                                 governmental, quasi-governmental (including
                                 the European Union), supranational,
                                 statutory, regulatory, administrative or
                                 investigative body or authority (including
                                 any national or supranational antitrust,
                                 competition or merger control authority or
                                 similar authority), national, state,
                                 municipal or local government (including any
                                 subdivision, court, administrative agency or
                                 commission or other authority thereof),
                                 government department, private body
                                 exercising any regulatory, taxing, importing
                                 or other authority, court, agency (including
                                 trade agency), association, institution or
                                 professional or environmental body or
                                 (without prejudice to the generality of the
                                 foregoing) any other person or body
                                 whatsoever in any jurisdiction;

?Remuneration Committee?         means the duly constituted remuneration
                                 committee of the Board;
<PAGE>
?Representatives?                means in relation to a party, the directors,
                                 officers, employees and consultants of, and
                                 individuals seconded to work for it or other
                                 companies within its Group;

?Resolutions?                    means the resolutions of the Remuneration
                                 Committee set out in Schedule 4;

?Retention Plan?                 shall have the meaning given to that term in
                                 clause 8.5;

?Scheme?                         means the scheme of arrangement proposed to
                                 be made under section 425 of the Companies
                                 Act 1985 between Umbro and the holders of
                                 the Scheme Shares in connection with the
                                 Acquisition with or subject to any
                                 modification, addition or condition approved
                                 or imposed by the Court and agreed to by
                                 Umbro and Nike Vapor;

?Scheme Circular?                means, if the Acquisition is implemented by
                                 way of the Scheme, the document to be
                                 dispatched to Umbro Shareholders and others
                                 by Umbro containing, amongst other things,
                                 the Scheme Conditions and other relevant
                                 terms and conditions, a description of the
                                 Scheme, certain information about Nike Vapor
                                 and Umbro and the notices of the Meetings
                                 and, where the context so permits, includes
                                 any form of proxy, election, notice, court
                                 document, meeting advertisement or other
                                 document required in connection with the
                                 Scheme;

?Scheme Conditions?              means the conditions to the implementation
                                 of the Acquisition (including the Scheme) as
                                 set out in Appendix I of the Press
                                 Announcement (subject to any changes agreed
                                 between the parties) which shall, pursuant
                                 to clause 4.1(a), be incorporated into the
                                 Scheme Circular;

?Scheme Shareholders?            means the holders of the Scheme Shares;

?Scheme Shares?                  shall have the meaning given to that term in
                                 the Press Announcement;

?Scheme Voting Record Time?      means 6.00 p.m. on the day which is two days
                                 before the date of the Court Meeting or, if
                                 such Court Meeting is adjourned, 6.00 p.m.
                                 on the second day before the day of such
                                 adjourned meeting;

?Second Court Hearing Date?      means the date of the hearing by the Court
                                 to confirm the Umbro Capital Reduction;

?Superior Proposal?              means a bona fide Competing Proposal which
                                 the Directors consider, acting in good faith
                                 and after consultation with their legal and
                                 financial advisers, is able to be announced
                                 pursuant to its terms taking into account
                                 all financial, regulatory and other aspects
                                 of the proposal (including the ability of
                                 the proposing party to consummate the
                                 transactions contemplated by such proposal)
                                 and which, if consummated, would be superior
                                 to the Acquisition to Umbro Shareholders,
                                 and which the Directors are, therefore,
                                 minded to recommend;
<PAGE>
?Takeover Code?                  means the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers
                                 as amended and enforced from time-to-time;

?Takeover Offer?                 has the meaning given to it in Recital (C);

?Takeover Offer Conditions?      means the Scheme Conditions subject to the
                                 deletion of the Conditions set out in
                                 paragraphs 1 and 2 of Appendix I of the
                                 Press Announcement and their replacement
                                 with the condition that the Takeover Offer
                                 be subject to an acceptance condition set at
                                 90 per cent. (or such lesser percentage,
                                 being more than 50 per cent., as Nike Vapor
                                 may decide) of: (i) the shares to which such
                                 offer relates; and (ii) the voting rights
                                 normally exercisable at a general meeting of
                                 Umbro, including, for this purpose, any such
                                 voting rights attaching to Umbro Shares that
                                 are unconditionally allotted or issued
                                 before the Takeover Offer becomes or is
                                 declared unconditional as to acceptances,
                                 whether pursuant to the exercise of any
                                 outstanding subscription or conversion
                                 rights or otherwise;

?Target Hearing Time?            has the meaning in clause 2.1;

?Timetable?                      means (i) in relation to the implementation
                                 of the Acquisition by way of the Scheme, the
                                 indicative timetable for the Acquisition set
                                 out in Schedule 2; and (ii) in relation to
                                 the implementation of the Acquisition by way
                                 of the Takeover Offer, such indicative
                                 timetable (which complies with the
                                 requirements of the Takeover Code) as may be
                                 notified in writing by Nike Vapor to Umbro
                                 as soon as reasonably practical following
                                 Nike Vapor making a valid election in
                                 accordance with clause 3.5;

?UK Listing Authority?           means the UK Financial Services Authority
                                 acting in its capacity as the competent
                                 authority for listing in the United Kingdom
                                 for the purposes of Part VI of FSMA;

?Umbro Capital Reduction?        means the reduction of share capital of
                                 Umbro associated with the cancellation and
                                 extinguishing of the Umbro Shares provided
                                 for by the Scheme under section 135 of the
                                 Companies Act 1985;

?Umbro Executive Bonus Scheme?   means any scheme, policy, arrangement,
                                 custom, practice or contractual provision,
                                 other than the Retention Plan, pursuant to
                                 which any employee of any member of the
                                 Umbro Group has been or may be paid a bonus
                                 payment of any kind;

?Umbro Group?                    means the wider Umbro group including the
                                 subsidiary undertakings and associated
                                 undertakings of Umbro and any other body
                                 corporate, partnership, joint venture or
                                 person in which Umbro and such undertakings
                                 (aggregating their interests) have a direct
                                 or indirect interest of 20 per cent. or more
                                 of the voting or equity capital or the
                                 equivalent;

?Umbro LTIP?                     means the Umbro Long Term Incentive Plan
                                 2004;

?Umbro SAYE Scheme?              means the Umbro Approved Save As You Earn
<PAGE>
                                 Share Option Scheme 2004;

?Umbro Share Schemes?            means the Umbro SAYE Scheme and the Umbro
                                 LTIP;

?Umbro Shareholders?             means the holders of Umbro Shares;

?Umbro Shares?                   means the ordinary shares of 1 pence each in
                                 the capital of Umbro;

?Umbro?s Financial Adviser?      means JPMorgan Cazenove Limited; and

?VAT?                            means value added tax as provided for in the
                                 Value Added Tax Act 1994 and/or in Directive
                                 2006/112/EEC and legislation supplemental
                                 thereto and any other legislation,
                                 regulation or other provision amending or
                                 replacing the provisions thereof from time
                                 to time.

1.2    Statutory provisions

All references to statutes, statutory provisions, enactments, EU Directives
or EU Regulations shall include references to any consolidation, re-
enactment, modification or replacement of the same, any statute, statutory
provision, enactment, EU Directive or EU Regulation of which it is a
consolidation, re-enactment, modification or replacement and any subordinate
legislation in force under any of the same from time to time except to the
extent that any consolidation, re-enactment, modification or replacement
enacted after the date of this Agreement would extend or increase the
liability of any party to another under this Agreement.
1.3    Holding company and subsidiary

A company or other entity shall be a ?holding company? for the purposes of
this Agreement if it falls within either the meaning attributed to that term
in section 736 and 736A UK Companies Act 1985 or the meaning attributed to
the term ?parent undertaking? in section 258 UK Companies Act 1985, and a
company or other entity shall be a ?subsidiary? for the purposes of this
Agreement if it falls within either the meaning attributed to that term in
section 736 and 736A UK Companies Act 1985 or the meaning attributed to the
term ?subsidiary undertaking? in section 258 UK Companies Act 1985, and the
terms ?subsidiaries? and ?holding companies? are to be construed accordingly.

1.4    Agreed form

Any reference to a document in the ?agreed form? is to the form of the
relevant document in the terms agreed between Nike Vapor and Umbro prior to
the execution of this Agreement and signed or initialled for identification
purposes only by or on behalf of Nike Vapor and Umbro (in each case with such
amendments as may be agreed by or on behalf of Nike Vapor and Umbro).

1.5    Recitals, schedules, etc.

References to this Agreement include the recitals and schedules which form
part of this Agreement for all purposes.  References in this Agreement to the
parties, the recitals, schedules and clauses are references respectively to
the parties and their legal personal representatives, successors and
<PAGE>
permitted assigns, the recitals and schedules to and clauses of this
Agreement.

1.6    Meaning of references

Save where specifically required or indicated otherwise:

(a)    words importing one gender shall be treated as importing any gender,
words importing individuals shall be treated as importing corporations and
vice versa, words importing the singular shall be treated as importing the
plural and vice versa, and words importing the whole shall be treated as
including a reference to any part thereof;

(b)    references to a person shall include any individual, firm, body
corporate, unincorporated association, government, state or agency of state,
association, joint venture or partnership, in each case whether or not having
a separate legal personality.  References to a company shall be construed so
as to include any company, corporation or other body corporate wherever and
however incorporated or established;

(c)    references to the word ?include? or ?including? (or any similar term)
are not to be construed as implying any limitation and general words
introduced by the word ?other? (or any similar term) shall not be given a
restrictive meaning by reason of the fact that they are preceded by words
indicating a particular class of acts, matters or things;

(d)    references to any English statutory provision or legal term for any
action, remedy, method of judicial proceeding, legal document, legal status,
court, official or other legal concept, state of affairs or thing shall in
respect of any jurisdiction other than England be deemed to include that
which most nearly approximates in that jurisdiction to the English statutory
provision or legal term or other legal concept, state of affairs or thing;

(e)    any reference to ?writing? or ?written? includes any method of
reproducing words or text in a legible and non-transitory form but, for the
avoidance of doubt, shall not include e-mail; and

(f)    references to times of the day are to that time in London and
references to a day are to a period of 24 hours running from midnight to
midnight.

1.7    Headings

Clause and paragraph headings and the table of contents are inserted for ease
of reference only and shall not affect construction.

2.    IMPLEMENTATION OF THE ACQUISITION

2.1   Subject to the terms of this Agreement and subject to any extension in
time or termination of this process which may occur in compliance with the
terms of this Agreement, each party undertakes (and, to the extent
appropriate, each party undertakes to procure that the other members of its
Group undertake) to implement the Acquisition in accordance with, and subject
to, the Conditions and, so far as possible, the Timetable with the overall
intention that all Conditions (other than the sanction of the Court) are
satisfied prior to the date on which the First Court Hearing is scheduled to
occur in accordance with the Timetable (the ?Target Hearing Time?).  To this
end, the parties will procure the release of the Press Announcement on or
<PAGE>
about 7am on the date hereof or such other time and date as may be agreed by
the parties.

2.2   The terms of the Acquisition shall be the terms set out or referred to
in the Press Announcement, together with such other terms as required by law
or regulation and such other terms or other modifications as Nike Vapor and
Umbro may agree in writing.  The terms of the Acquisition at the date of
posting of the Scheme Document as so agreed shall be set out in the Scheme
Document.  The only conditions to the Acquisition and the Scheme and, if
appropriate, the Takeover Offer shall be the Conditions.  Subject to the
terms of this Agreement, and until this Agreement is terminated in accordance
with its terms, each party shall use all reasonable endeavours to achieve
satisfaction of the Conditions as promptly as practical, save that nothing in
this Agreement shall oblige Nike Vapor to waive any of the Conditions or
treat them as satisfied.

2.3   Each of Nike Vapor and Umbro undertakes to the other (to the extent
that such steps have not already been taken prior to the date hereof):

(a)   to make, as promptly as reasonably practical, such filings with all
appropriate Relevant Authorities, jointly or separately, as are required in
connection with the Conditions;

(b)   to provide as promptly as practical, in consultation with the other
party, such information as maybe reasonably necessary for the purposes of the
filings referred to in clause 2.3(a) or as may be reasonably requested by a
Relevant Authority;

(c)   to promptly notify the other party and provide copies of any material
communications with a Relevant Authority in connection with the satisfaction
of the Conditions and the implementation of the Acquisition, save in respect
of any information the circulation of which would adversely affect its own
legitimate business interest; and

(d)   if necessary, to negotiate jointly with any Relevant Authority, to
offer any reasonable commitments or undertakings to any Relevant Authority to
remedy that Relevant Authority?s concerns, if any, with a view to obtaining
from that Relevant Authority a decision approving the Acquisition, and to
accept all reasonable conditions, obligations or other requirements imposed
in any decision approving the Acquisition by any Relevant Authority (whether
or not the consent of that Relevant Authority is required to satisfy the
Conditions), unless such negotiation, offer or acceptance would in the
reasonable opinion of one of the parties adversely affect that party?s
legitimate business interests.

2.4   Each party undertakes to keep the other informed reasonably promptly of
developments which are material or potentially material to obtaining
Clearances by the Target Hearing Time (if relevant) and the Acquisition
Effective Date, as set out in the Timetable or which are otherwise likely
materially to affect the implementation of the Acquisition.  Umbro shall be
entitled to review any relevant application for Clearance before it is
submitted, and to have its reasonable comments taken into account (provided
that such comments are given as soon as reasonably possible following its
receipt of the relevant draft application, and in any event, within 48 hours
following such receipt, unless the information contained in the relevant
application is reasonably considered by Nike to be competitively sensitive.

2.5   Nike Vapor and Umbro agree as follows:

(a)   Nike Vapor and Umbro undertake to consult with the Panel where such
consultation is required for the implementation of the Acquisition;
<PAGE>
(b)   Nike Vapor agrees that it shall not be entitled to invoke any Condition
so as to cause the Scheme to lapse or be withdrawn where such invocation is
prohibited by the Panel under Rule 13 of the Takeover Code;

(c)   Nike Vapor undertakes to confirm to Umbro prior to the First Court
Hearing that it has waived or treated as satisfied or, to the extent
permitted under the Takeover Code and clause 2.5(b), invoked or treated as
incapable of satisfaction each Condition, except if it is aware of any fact,
matter or circumstance indicating that any of the Conditions may be invoked
(whether or not such invocation would be permitted by the Panel under Rule 13
of the Takeover Code), in which case Nike Vapor and Umbro shall use their
reasonable endeavours to procure that the First Court Hearing and, if
reasonably considered necessary, the Second Court Hearing are postponed for
such period as Nike Vapor may reasonably request to allow for the
investigation of such fact, matter or circumstance (and/or, if applicable,
receipt of a relevant Clearance). Following the conclusion of such
investigation (and/or receipt of such Clearance), Nike Vapor shall either
confirm that the relevant Condition has been satisfied or waived or, if
permitted by the Takeover Panel, invoke the relevant Condition; and

(d)   the obligations of each of the parties to implement the Scheme (or
where applicable the Takeover Offer) is subject to the satisfaction or, where
permissible, waiver of the Conditions (however Nike Vapor?s obligation to
implement the Scheme (or where applicable the Takeover Offer) does not oblige
Nike Vapor to waive any Condition except as provided in clause 2.5(c)). Umbro
agrees that it shall only file the relevant Court Order with the Registrar if
all of the Conditions are satisfied or, where permissible or required
pursuant to this Agreement, waived by Nike Vapor prior to the grant of the
relevant Court Order.

3.    OBLIGATIONS OF NIKE VAPOR AND UMBRO

Steps required to implement the Acquisition

3.1   Subject to clause 4, each of Nike Vapor and Umbro shall, as promptly
and reasonably practical, prepare and, subject to the approval of the Panel,
the UK Listing Authority and the Court, as appropriate, publish and circulate
in the manner approved by the Panel, the UK Listing Authority and/or the
Court, as appropriate:

(a)   the Acquisition Document;

(b)   such other information, circulars, forms, notices or announcements (as
the case may be), as it may be required by the Takeover Code, the Panel, the
Companies Act 1985, the Companies Act 2006, the Listing Rules, the Exchange
Act, the FSMA or any other applicable laws or regulations; and

(c)   such information, circulars, forms, notices or announcements (as the
case may be) as Nike Vapor and Umbro should agree in writing.

3.2   Nike Vapor and Nike undertake to provide all reasonable assistance to
Umbro in relation to the steps to be undertaken by Umbro under clause 2.1 and
the preparation of the underlying documentation, including (without
limitation), access to, and ensuring the provision of reasonable assistance
by, its management and relevant professional advisers.
<PAGE>
Further steps required to implement the Scheme

3.3   If, and for so long as, the Acquisition is being implemented by way of
the Scheme, without prejudice to the generality of clause 2.1, Umbro shall
(and shall procure that the relevant member of the Umbro Group shall):

(a)   consult with and obtain Nike Vapor?s approval (not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) prior to appointing counsel for the purposes of the
Scheme (including the Court Hearing(s));

(b)   as soon as reasonably practical following completion of the preparation
of the Acquisition Document, apply to the Court, for leave to convene the
Court Meeting and file such documents as may be necessary in connection
therewith;

(c)   subject to the terms of clause 4, finalise and (where required) settle
with the Court the Acquisition Document, all necessary advertisements and
forms of proxy and election and (insofar as required) seek the approval of
the UK Listing Authority and the Panel in relation to such documents;

(d)   save as required by law, the Panel or the FSA, Umbro shall not seek to
amend;

     (i)   the Scheme; or
     (ii)  the Resolutions or the resolutions to be proposed at the Court
Meeting in the form set out in the Scheme Document,

after despatch of the Scheme Document without the consent of Nike Vapor
provided that nothing in this clause shall prevent Umbro amending the Scheme
so as to give effect to a Competing Proposal if the Inducement Fee has been
paid;

(e)   upon (i) the Court making the order necessary for the purpose of
convening the Court Meeting; (ii) any necessary advertisements, the
Acquisition Document and forms of proxy and election being settled with the
Court; and (iii) such document (insofar as required) being approved by Nike
Vapor, the UK Listing Authority and the Panel, Umbro shall, in accordance
with the relevant orders of the Court and in accordance with the Timetable
(or as otherwise agreed by Nike Vapor and Umbro in writing), publish the
requisite advertisements and arrange for the posting of the Acquisition
Document and such other information as the Court may approve and/or direct
from time-to-time in connection with the due implementation of the Scheme to
the Umbro Shareholders (who are on the register of members of Umbro on a
record date to be agreed with the Court) and others entitled to receive the
same, and thereafter in a timely manner publish and/or post such other
document and information as the Court may approve and/or direct from time-to-
time in connection with the due implementation of the Scheme, save as may be
required by the Panel and/or the Takeover Code;

(f)   not (unless required by the Court) agree to an extension of time or
variation or amendment to the Scheme or an amendment, revision, withdrawal or
non-enforcement, in whole or in part, of the Scheme without Nike Vapor?s
prior written consent;

(g)   subject to clause 3.9 and to clause 5.3 convene, hold and transact the
relevant business at each of the Meetings at the time and date specified in
the Acquisition Document and propose the resolutions set out in the notices
of those meetings (as appropriate) without amendment (save for amendments
made with Nike Vapor?s prior written consent);
<PAGE>
(h)   prior to the General Meeting, keep Nike Vapor reasonably informed, as
soon as reasonably practicable following each request from Nike Vapor, of the
number of proxy votes received in respect of the resolutions to be proposed
at the General Meeting and the Court Meeting and of the identity of the
relevant Scheme Shareholders;

(i)   acknowledge that Nike Vapor may, prior to the General Meeting, appoint
a proxy solicitation agent to facilitate proxy voting by the Umbro
Shareholders (with Umbro?s prior written content, not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed), provided that this imposes no obligations upon Umbro;

(j)   subject to satisfaction or waiver of all Conditions prior to the First
Court Hearing Date, following each of the Meetings, and assuming the
necessary resolutions are passed by the requisite majorities, as soon as
reasonably practical (but in accordance with the Timetable) seek the sanction
of the Court to the Scheme at the First Court Hearing Date and the
confirmation by the Court of the Umbro Capital Reduction at the Second Court
Hearing Date;

(k)   subject to applicable confidentiality, legal and regulatory
requirements, to cooperate with and provide such details to Nike Vapor in
relation to the Umbro Share Schemes as Nike Vapor reasonably requires in
order to plan and make proposals to the participants of the Umbro Share
Schemes and, if necessary, to communicate with such participants in respect
of such proposals;

(l)   subject to clause 3.3(j) and clause 5.3, as soon as reasonably
practical following the sanction of the Scheme by the Court, to cause an
office copy of the Court Order to be filed with and registered by the
Registrar;

(m)   subject to clause 5.3, as soon as reasonably practical following the
confirmation of the Umbro Capital Reduction by the Court, cause an office
copy of the Court Order to be filed with and registered by the Registrar;

(n)   take steps in consultation with Nike Vapor to ensure that the issue of
shares to Nike Vapor in accordance with Scheme is effective at the time that
Umbro causes an office copy of the Court Order confirming the Umbro Capital
Reduction to be filed with and registered by the Registrar; and

(o)   following the filing of the office copy in accordance with clause
3.3(l) and subject to applicable legal and regulatory requirements, apply to
the UK Listing Authority to cancel the listing of the Umbro Shares on the
Official List and to the London Stock Exchange plc to cancel the admission to
trading of the Umbro Shares on the London Stock Exchange plc?s market for
listed securities so that Umbro Shares will cease to be listed on the
Official List as soon as practicable following the Acquisition Effective
Date.

3.4   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Nike Vapor shall
take all such steps as are reasonably necessary to implement the Scheme,
comply with all reasonable procedures and processes imposed by the Court in
connection with the Scheme and agrees to be bound by the Court Order, and if
required by the Court, shall provide an undertaking to the Court to be so
bound by the Scheme including as to the discharge of the consideration due to
Umbro Shareholders.
<PAGE>
Change to different structure

3.5   Nike Vapor may elect, at any time (at its absolute discretion), by
delivering written notice to Umbro to that effect, to implement the
Acquisition by way of the Takeover Offer, whether or not the Scheme Circular
has been posted, provided that:

(a)   the Takeover Offer is implemented in accordance with the Takeover Offer
Conditions;

(b)   Nike Vapor consults with Umbro before making that election; and

(c)   the Takeover Offer is made on terms that Umbro?s Financial Adviser
reasonably considers are financially at least as favourable as the terms of
the Scheme.

Umbro shall take all reasonable steps to support the application by Nike
Vapor to the Panel for the consent of the Panel to the Acquisition being
implemented by way of a Takeover Offer and not by way of the Scheme, subject
to (a), (b) and (c).

3.6   If Nike Vapor elects to implement the Acquisition by way of a Takeover
Offer (whether pursuant to clause 3.5 or clause 3.7), clauses 3.3 (other than
clause 3.3(o)) and 4.2 will not apply, but clause 4.3 will apply, and the
other provisions of this Agreement, to the extent applicable to the
implementation of the Acquisition by way of a Takeover Offer, will also apply
mutatis mutandis to such Takeover Offer.

3.7   In the event that the Scheme is not approved by the Scheme Shareholders
at the Court Meeting and/or any or all the resolutions proposed at the
General Meeting are not passed, then Nike Vapor shall by delivery of written
notice to Umbro within five Business Days of the relevant Meeting(s) be
entitled, with the consent of the Panel, to implement the Acquisition by way
of a Takeover Offer subject to provisions of clauses 3.5 (a), (b) and (c).
In such circumstances Umbro shall take all reasonable steps to support any
application by Nike Vapor to the Panel (before and/or after the Court Meeting
and the General Meeting) to waive the requirements of Rule 35 or any other
applicable provisions of the Takeover Code affecting such election and for
the consent of the Panel to the Acquisition being implemented by way of a
Takeover Offer and not by way of the Scheme.

3.8   Other than following the announcement of a Competing Proposal, any
election to implement the Acquisition by way of the Takeover Offer after the
later to occur of the Scheme being approved by the Scheme Shareholders at the
Court Meeting and the passing of all the resolutions to be proposed at the
General Meeting, shall be subject to the prior written approval of Umbro (not
to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

Postponement of Meetings and Court Hearings or Day 60 and/or Day 81

3.9   In the event that:

(a)   the Acquisition is being implemented by way of the Scheme, Umbro shall,
at the request of Nike Vapor, take all necessary actions to adjourn the Court
Meeting and the General Meeting to such time and date as Nike Vapor may
require (provided that the effect of such adjournment shall not be to cause
the Effective Date to be later than the 180 days after the Scheme Circular
has been proposed) provided that such adjournment is reasonably considered
necessary to implement the Acquisition or avoid the Acquisition lapsing; or

(b)   either Nike Vapor or Umbro receive independent legal advice that, as a
result of a legal or regulatory requirement or in order not to prejudice the
likelihood of the Scheme being sanctioned by the Court (or, if the
Acquisition is being implemented by way of a Takeover Offer, all Conditions
<PAGE>
being satisfied by Day 81), it is necessary or desirable to postpone or
adjourn the Court Meeting and/or the General Meeting and/or the First Court
Hearing and/or the Second Court Hearing (or, if the Acquisition is being
implemented by way of a Takeover Offer, Day 81), including in the event that
it is reasonably likely prior to the date on which the Meetings are to be
held (including any adjournment or postponement thereof) that the Office of
Fair Trading will not prior to such date have published a notice either:

(i)   granting clearance in respect of the Acquisition; or

(ii)  confirming that the Acquisition will not be referred to the Competition
Commission.

then the parties will together use all reasonable endeavours to postpone
and/or adjourn any of such Meetings or the First Court Hearing and/or the
Second Court Hearing (or, if the Acquisition is being implemented by way of a
Takeover Offer, apply jointly to the Panel for an extension of Day 60 and/or
an extension of Day 81), to a date or dates agreed between the parties (and
failing such agreement, to the date falling one month after the date for
which such Meetings or the Court Hearings were originally convened (or Day 60
and/or Day 81 was scheduled) or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next
following Business Day).

General

3.10  Each party shall use its reasonable endeavours to procure that its
Representatives shall do all such acts as reasonably necessary to give effect
to the terms of this Agreement and the Acquisition.

3.11  For the avoidance of doubt, other than its obligations under clause
3.2, Nike will have no obligations (or be held liable for the performance of
such) under this Agreement.

4.    PUBLICATION OF THE ACQUISITION DOCUMENT

4.1   Umbro and Nike Vapor agree:

(a)   that Umbro shall prepare the Scheme Document;

(b)   that the Acquisition Document will contain provisions in accordance
with the terms and Conditions set out in the Press Announcement (including
any modifications thereto agreed between Nike Vapor and Umbro); and

(c)   to cooperate and consult with each other in the preparation and the
publication of any other document or filing which is required or which Nike
Vapor and Umbro (as the case may be) reasonably consider to be necessary or
appropriate for the purposes of implementing the Acquisition.

4.2   If Nike Vapor implements the Acquisition by way of the Scheme:

(a)   Nike Vapor undertakes to provide Umbro as soon as reasonably practical
with all such information about itself and its Group as may reasonably be
required for inclusion in the Scheme Circular, and to provide all such other
assistance as may reasonably be required in connection with the preparation
of the Scheme Circular, including access to, and ensuring the provision of
reasonable assistance by, its management and relevant professional advisers;
<PAGE>
(b)   Umbro agrees to take Nike Vapor?s reasonable comments on the form and
content of the Scheme Circular into account and to afford Nike Vapor
sufficient time to consider the Scheme Circular in order to give such
comments before the Scheme Circular is posted; and

(c)   save as otherwise required under the Takeover Code, Umbro shall not
dispatch the Scheme Circular until Nike Vapor has approved it in writing
(such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

4.3   If Nike Vapor elects to implement the Acquisition by way of the
Takeover Offer in accordance with clause 3.5 or clause 3.7:

(a)   Umbro undertakes to provide Nike Vapor as soon as reasonably practical
with all such information about itself and its Group as may reasonably be
required for inclusion in the Offer Document and to provide all such other
assistance as may reasonably be required in connection with the preparation
of the Offer Document, including access to, and ensuring the provision of
reasonable assistance by, relevant professional advisers;

(b)   Nike Vapor agrees to take Umbro?s reasonable comments on the form and
content of the Offer Document into account and to afford Umbro sufficient
time to consider the Offer Document in order to give such comments before the
Offer Document is posted;

(c)   Nike Vapor undertakes that the Takeover Offer shall be conditional on
valid acceptances being received in respect of not less than 90 per cent. (or
such lesser percentage, being more than 50 per cent., as Nike may decide) of:
(i) the shares to which such offer relates; and (ii) the voting rights
normally exercisable at a general meeting of Umbro, including, for this
purpose, any such voting rights attaching to Umbro Shares that are
unconditionally allotted or issued before the Takeover Offer becomes or is
declared unconditional as to acceptances, whether pursuant to the exercise of
any outstanding subscription or conversion rights or otherwise; and

(d)   save as otherwise required under the Takeover Code, Nike Vapor shall
not dispatch the Offer Document until Umbro has approved it in writing (such
approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

4.4   Should any supplemental circular or announcement be required to be
published and/or submitted to the Court in connection with the Acquisition (a
?Supplemental Document?) each party shall provide such cooperation and
information (including such information as is necessary for the Supplemental
Document to comply with all applicable legal and regulatory provisions) as
the other may reasonably request and as may be reasonably necessary to
formalise and publish promptly such Supplemental Document.

5.    RECOMMENDATION

5.1   Umbro agrees that, subject to clause 5.2, the Acquisition Document
shall incorporate a unanimous and unqualified recommendation from the
Directors to vote in favour of the Scheme and the resolutions to be proposed
at the Meetings and/or to accept the Takeover Offer (as the case may be) as
they shall do in relation to their own holdings of Umbro Shares.

5.2   The Acquisition Document shall not be required to incorporate a
recommendation by the Directors, and the Directors shall be entitled to
withdraw or modify any recommendation in the Acquisition Document, if and to
the extent that the Directors, after taking independent legal advice in
relation to their fiduciary duties, consider in good faith that:
<PAGE>
(a)   to give such recommendation or to fail to withdraw, modify or qualify
their recommendation would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to Umbro or
a breach of their obligations under the Takeover Code; or

(b)   such recommendation needs to be modified in the light of financial
advice received which they are required to disclose to Umbro Shareholders
under Rule 3.1 of the Takeover Code.

5.3   If the Directors, having taken independent legal advice in relation to
their fiduciary duties to Umbro consider in good faith that they would be in
breach of their fiduciary duties if they did not adjourn any meeting or
hearing or did not delay the filing of any petition or order, Umbro shall not
be obliged, to that extent, to proceed with any such step or refrain from
taking any step which is inconsistent with the Acquisition.

5.4   By exercising its rights in accordance with this clause 5, Umbro shall
not be taken to be in breach of any relevant clause in this Agreement.

6.    COMPETING PROPOSALS

6.1   Umbro agrees that:

(a)   if it considers, or if the Directors determine (whether before or after
their Press Announcement is made) that any Competing Proposal constitutes a
Superior Proposal, it shall, in addition to its obligations pursuant to
clause 7.3, confirm to Nike Vapor in writing (a ?Superior Proposal Notice?)
as soon as reasonably practical that such Competing Proposal constitutes a
Superior Proposal, provide the material details of such Competing Proposal
(in particular the offer price contained in the Competing Proposal, the
nature of the consideration and the identity of the party making the Superior
Proposal) and the reasons that led the Directors to determine that it
constitutes a Superior Proposal, and notify Nike Vapor in such notice that it
has called for a meeting of the Directors to consider whether or not to
recommend the Superior Proposal (whether such recommendation is to be given
before or after such Superior Proposal is announced) and of the time and date
of such meeting (which shall be no sooner than midday on the fourth Business
Day after the Business Day during which (or if not during which, following
which) the Superior Proposal Notice was given) (the ?Recommendation Board
Meeting?); and

(b)   it and the Directors shall not formally recommend any Competing
Proposal (whether or not it is a Superior Proposal and whether before or
after the Press Announcement is made) or (having received a Competing
Proposal) withdraw the Scheme or adjourn any of the Meetings (if applicable),
unless so directed by the Court and subject to the Directors fiduciary duties
and duties under the Takeover Code, until the first to occur of the
Recommendation Board Meeting, in the case of a Superior Competing Proposal,
or 5.00 p.m. on the fourth Business Day after the date of the announcement
pursuant to Rule 2.5 of a Competing Proposal whether or not it is a Superior
Competing Proposal (a ?Competing Announcement?).

6.2   If:

(a)   Nike Vapor confirms in writing to Umbro?s Financial Adviser on or
before the first to occur of (i) the time which is no later than 5.00 p.m. on
the third Business Day after the Business Day during which (or if not during
which, following which) the Superior Proposal Notice was given; or (ii)
before 12.00 p.m. on the fourth Business Day after the date of the Competing
Announcement in relation to the Competing Proposal (whether or not it is a
Superior Proposal), that it intends to increase the price to be paid under
the Acquisition to an effective price per Umbro Share equal to or greater
<PAGE>
than provided under the Superior Proposal or Competing Proposal, as the case
may be, or make an offer or proposal which in the opinion of Umbro?s
Financial Adviser (acting reasonably) both provides equal or superior
financial value to Umbro Shareholders in comparison to such Superior Proposal
or Competing Proposal and is otherwise on terms which are substantially
equivalent to or not materially worse (from the point of view of Umbro
Shareholders) than those contained in such Superior Proposal or Competing
Proposal (the ?Revised Acquisition?); and

(b)	Nike Vapor confirms in writing to Umbro?s Financial Adviser on or
before the first to occur of (i) the time which is no later than the start of
the Recommendation Board Meeting, in the case of a Superior Proposal; or (ii)
before 5.00 p.m. on the fourth Business Day after the date of a Competing
Announcement, that it is ready to announce, or announces, the Revised
Acquisition,

the Directors shall, provided that doing so would not place them in breach of
their fiduciary duties and obligations under the Takeover Code, make a
unanimous and unqualified recommendation of the Revised Acquisition to the
Umbro Shareholders.  Umbro shall notify Nike Vapor of the results of its
deliberations within two hours of the completion of the Recommendation Board
Meeting (for a Superior Proposal) or by not later than 7.00 p.m. on the
fourth Business Day (for a Competing Proposal).  If such notice is of a
unanimous and unqualified recommendation of the Revised Acquisition, Nike
Vapor shall be entitled to refer to such recommendation in its Revised
Acquisition announcement referred to in sub-clause (b) and the Directors
shall not recommend the Superior Proposal set out in the Superior Proposal
Notice or the Competing Proposal set out in the Competing Announcement and,
for the avoidance of doubt, subject to the provisions of clause 9, no
Inducement Fee will be payable in these circumstances.

6.3   In the event that a ?competitive situation? arises pursuant to Rule
33.5 of the Takeover Code in relation to Nike Vapor and a third party or
parties, Umbro, the Directors and Umbro?s Financial Adviser shall involve
Nike Vapor in and shall keep Nike Vapor fully informed of any discussions
with the Panel.

6.4   If the Panel imposes an auction procedure that would require Umbro to
breach its obligations set out in clauses 6.1 and/or 6.2, Nike Vapor and
Umbro agree that the relevant provisions of clauses 6.1 and/or 6.2 shall not
apply to the extent required to permit Umbro to comply with the auction
procedure imposed by the Panel pursuant to Rule 33.5 of the Takeover Code.

7.    CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING COMPLETION OF THE ACQUISITION

7.1   Pending the Acquisition Effective Date or earlier termination of this
Agreement, and without prejudice to Rule 21 of the Takeover Code, but subject
to the provisions of Clause 8, Umbro shall and shall procure that each member
of its Group shall:

(a)   carry on its businesses in the ordinary course as conducted prior to
the date hereof and, unless fairly disclosed to Nike Vapor or Nike prior to
the date of this Agreement or in accordance with the terms of existing
arrangements entered into prior to the date of this Agreement or with the
consent of Nike Vapor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed), shall not undertake any material commitment or enter into or
terminate any material contract or acquire or dispose of any material assets,
liabilities or businesses in each case otherwise than in the ordinary course
of business as conducted prior to the date hereof.  For the purposes of this
clause 7.1(a), a matter shall be material if it amounts to or exceeds an
aggregate amount of (pound sterling) 1,000,000;
<PAGE>
(b)   disclose to Nike Vapor as soon as reasonably practical any matter of
which it is aware which is reasonably likely to constitute a breach of any of
the Conditions or results in any event not being satisfied in the timescale
now contemplated by the Timetable;

(c)   not (without the prior written consent of Nike Vapor, not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed);

(i)   change the general terms of employment of its employees or the terms of
employment of its directors in any way, other than in the ordinary course of
business;

(ii)  adopt or amend any employee benefit scheme (including without
limitation any scheme having share purchase or share option provisions);

(iii) enter into any arrangements with the trustees of any pension scheme, in
which it or any member of its Group participates or pay employer
contributions to such scheme other than those employer contributions agreed
with the trustees at the date of this Agreement, save as required by law or
regulation or the rules of any such scheme;

(iv)  recommend, declare, announce, pay or make or propose the
recommendation, declaration, payment or making of, any bonus, dividend, or
other distribution to its shareholders, other than by wholly owned
subsidiaries of Umbro;

(v)   except in respect of options granted as at the date of this Agreement
under Umbro Share Schemes and save as contemplated pursuant to the Scheme,
alter the authorised or allotted or issued share capital of Umbro, nor grant
any options or other rights to subscribe for any shares under the Umbro Share
Schemes;

(vi)  other than as contemplated by clause 7.2 amend the memorandum or
articles of association of any member of Umbro?s Group;

(vii) otherwise take any action which it knows would be prejudicial to the
successful outcome of the Acquisition or the satisfaction of the Conditions,
except (i) in accordance with clause 5.2 or clause 5.3; or (ii) to comply
with law or regulation; or (iii) in compliance with written instructions from
Nike Vapor;

(viii) to pay, accelerate or otherwise amend the terms of any indebtedness
outstanding by members of the Umbro Group otherwise than in the usual course
of carrying on its business or cancel any facilities available to Umbro; or

(ix)  agree to do any of the above.

7.2   Umbro undertakes that, except with the prior written consent of Nike
Vapor, it will not submit to its shareholders for approval in general meeting
any resolution which, if passed, would constitute ?approval? for the purposes
of Rule 21.1 of the Takeover Code nor seek consent of the Panel to proceed
with any action to which Rule 21.1 of the Takeover Code is applicable without
such approval.  Umbro shall propose to Umbro Shareholders such changes to
Umbro?s articles of association as set out in Schedule 3.

7.3   Subject to the release of the Announcement in accordance with clause 12
and subject to the Acquisition not already having lapsed or been withdrawn or
the Conditions to the Acquisition not being incapable of being satisfied
(unless waived) in accordance with such Announcement, and without prejudice
<PAGE>
to any obligation to provide information under Rule 20.2 of the Takeover
Code, Umbro hereby undertakes to Nike and Nike Vapor that:

(a)   in the period from the date of this Agreement to the Acquisition
Effective Date (or, if a Takeover Offer is made, the date on which the
Takeover Offer becomes or is declared unconditional in all respects) (the
?Exclusivity Period?) it shall not, and it shall procure that no members of
the Umbro Group (or any of its or their respective directors, employees,
advisors, agents or representatives) (the ?Connected Persons?) shall,
solicit, initiate, encourage, induce or knowingly facilitate the
communication, making, submission or announcement of any Competing Proposal.
Umbro hereby undertakes to Nike and Nike Vapor that during the Exclusivity
Period, it shall not negotiate with any person with respect to a Competing
Proposal unless the Board determines, in good faith, after  consultation with
external legal advisers, that the failure to negotiate with such third party
would be in breach of the fiduciary duties of the Board or their duties under
the Takeover Code and Umbro shall promptly inform Nike that it is engaging in
such negotiations; and

(b)   that, during the Exclusivity Period it shall, as soon as reasonably
practicable (and in no event later than 24 hours after Umbro or any Connected
Person becomes aware of any such proposal or request for information), notify
Nike and Nike Vapor that it or any Connected Person has received or has
become aware of any unsolicited Competing Proposal or request for information
under Rule 20.2 of the Code, and will disclose to Nike and Nike Vapor any
price or price range or the total amount of consideration specified in such
Competing Proposal.  Umbro shall not provide any information to such person
unless Umbro and such person enters into a non-disclosure agreement that is
on substantially similar terms to the confidentiality agreement dated 5
October 2007 between Nike and Umbro, and shall provide to Nike Vapor any
information that it provides to a third party in connection with any
Competing Proposal,

7.4   Umbro confirms and undertakes:

(a)   that it is a ?foreign private issuer? as such term is defined under
Rule 3b-4(c) under the Exchange Act; and

(b)   to use its reasonable efforts to assist Nike Vapor in making a
calculation of the percentage of Umbro?s share capital held (beneficially or
otherwise) by US holders in accordance with Instruction 2 to Rules 14d-1(c)
and (d) under the Exchange Act, including to furnish Nike Vapor, upon the
request of Nike Vapor in writing, a copy of Umbro?s Register of Shareholders
and, to the extent reasonably available to Umbro, a beneficial ownership
analysis to be stated as of (i) the date which is the 30th calendar day prior
to the commencement (within the meaning of the Exchange Act) of the tender
offer (within the meaning of the Exchange Act) by Nike Vapor for the share
capital of Umbro; and (ii) such other dates as may be agreed by Nike Vapor
and Umbro.

8.    EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS

8.1   Umbro confirms that the Resolutions were duly passed by the
Remuneration Committee at a meeting properly convened and held at which a
quorum was present throughout and have not been amended or rescinded and are
in full force and effect and Nike, Inc. and Nike Vapor confirm that they
agree that options under the Umbro LTIP shall be exercisable to the extent
set out in the Resolutions.

8.2   Umbro undertakes, subject to clause 8.3, that, unless and until such
time as this Agreement is terminated pursuant to clause 10, it will not amend
the terms of the Umbro SAYE Scheme, the Umbro LTIP or the Umbro Executive
<PAGE>
Bonus Scheme nor introduce or agree to introduce (nor permit any member of
the Umbro Group to introduce or agree to introduce) any new or revised share
option scheme, incentive scheme or plan or other benefits relating to the
employment or termination of employment of any Umbro Group employees, nor
exercise or agree to exercise (or permit any member of the Umbro Group to
exercise or agree to exercise) any discretion thereunder to waive or modify
any performance or other conditions to entitlement under any such schemes or
plans (including in particular the performance criteria relating to the Umbro
Executive Bonus Scheme), nor to exercise or agree to exercise (or permit any
member of the Umbro Group to exercise or agree to exercise) any discretion to
increase the awards or amounts payable thereunder for any reason.

8.3   Umbro shall be entitled to pay a bonus under the Umbro Executive Bonus
Scheme to such employees as the Board considers appropriate in respect of the
calendar year 2007, notwithstanding that the performance criteria may not
have been met, provided that the aggregate amount payable under that scheme
for the year shall not exceed (pound sterling) 500,000.  Umbro undertakes to
use its best endeavours to amend the Umbro Executive Bonus Scheme to provide
that the scheme will terminate with immediate effect upon Completion.

8.4   Nike Vapor undertakes that, if Completion occurs, it will procure that
Umbro implements an employee incentive package in place of the Umbro LTIP,
the Umbro SAYE Scheme and the Umbro Executive Bonus Scheme which is
consistent with that made available by the Nike Group in respect of its other
UK businesses.

8.5   Umbro undertakes that it will implement a new employee retention bonus
plan (the ?Retention Plan?) with the following attributes.

(a)   The purpose of the Retention Plan shall be to incentivise certain
existing employees of the Umbro Group to remain employed by the Umbro Group.

(b)   The maximum aggregate amount available for disbursement under the New
Bonus Scheme shall be  (pound sterling) 2.2 million.

(c)   The Retention Plan shall be operated by a committee (the ?Committee?)
which shall comprise two members nominated by the Chairman of the Board and
two members nominated by the Chairman of the Board of Vapor.  No action shall
be taken in respect of the Retention Plan without the consent of the
Committee.  The quorum for the transaction of business by the Committee shall
be two persons, one of whom shall be a member nominated by the Chairman of
the Board and one of whom shall be a member nominated by the Chairman of the
Board of Vapor.

(d)   The Committee shall have discretion to decide which of the existing
employees of the Umbro Group shall be eligible for a retention bonus and in
respect of what amounts.

(e)   The amount available for payment under the Retention Plan to an
employee will be payable in three equal instalments payable on Completion, on
the date falling six months following Completion and on the date falling 12
months after Completion.

(f)   No employee shall be entitled to receive an instalment of his or her
bonus unless he or she remains employed by the Umbro Group on the date on
which the payment falls due, and is not under notice of termination of
employment as at that date (whether such notice is given by the employee or
the relevant member of the Umbro Group).  Notwithstanding the above, an
employee or, as the case may be, his or her personal representatives, shall
be entitled to receive one or more instalments under the Retention Plan if he
or she is not employed by the Umbro Group, or is under notice of termination
of employment, at the relevant date as a result of:
<PAGE>
(i)   death;

(ii)  long term disability;

(iii) termination of his or her employment by a member of the Umbro Group in
breach of the terms of his or her employment contract; or

(iv)  redundancy.

(g)   Umbro and Nike Vapor will jointly agree all employee announcements in
relation to the proposed Acquisition and, in particular, the Retention Plan
and will use their respective reasonable endeavours to put contractual
arrangements into place with relevant employees of the Umbro Group as soon as
reasonably possible following the release of the Press Announcement to
reflect the terms of this clause 8.5.

9.    INDUCEMENT FEE

9.1   As an inducement for Nike Vapor agreeing to the release of the Press
Announcement and for the occurrence of an Inducement Fee Payment Event (as
defined below), Umbro undertakes to pay to Nike Vapor (or to such other
person as Nike Vapor may direct) an amount equal to 1 per cent. of the value
of the aggregate consideration payable under the Acquisition calculated by
reference to (1) the price per Umbro Share set out in the Press Announcement
(or, if the price per Umbro Share is revised, the price per Umbro Share last
offered by Nike Vapor) and (2) the fully diluted equity share capital of
Umbro (the ?Inducement Fee?).  The Inducement Fee shall be inclusive of any
irrecoverable VAT thereon.  An Inducement Fee Payment Event shall be if Nike
Vapor makes a Press Announcement in accordance with Rule 2.5 of the Takeover
Code, which is recommended by the Board, and:

(a)   prior to the Scheme or, as the case may be, Takeover Offer lapsing or
being withdrawn a Competing Proposal is announced (whether or not on a pre-
conditional basis and whether pursuant to Rule 2.4 of the Takeover Code, Rule
2.5 of the Takeover Code or otherwise), and the Acquisition does not become
effective or, if implemented by way of Takeover Offer, does not become or is
not declared unconditional in all respects and such Competing Proposal or any
other Competing Proposal becomes effective or unconditional in all respects
or is otherwise completed within 12 months of the Scheme or, as the case may
be, Takeover Offer, lapsing or being withdrawn; or

(b)   the Scheme Document does not contain the unanimous and unqualified
recommendation of the Board to vote in favour of the Scheme and the
resolutions to be proposed at the meetings or, if Nike elects to implement
the Acquisition by way of the Takeover Offer, the Offer Document does not
contain the unanimous and unqualified recommendation of the Board to accept
such offer (in each case as set out in clause 5.1), and the Acquisition does
not become effective or, if implemented by way of a Takeover Offer, does not
become or is not declared unconditional in all respects; or

(c)   before the Acquisition lapses or is withdrawn one or more of the Board
withdraws, qualifies or adversely modifies their recommendation of the
Acquisition and the Acquisition does not become effective or, if implemented
by way of a Takeover Offer, does not become or is not declared unconditional
in all respects; or

(d)   the Acquisition is to be implemented by way of a Scheme and Umbro is in
material breach of its obligations under clause 2.3 or clause 3.3 (except 3.3
(a), (h), (i), (k), (n) and (o))
<PAGE>
9.2   On the occurrence of an Inducement Fee Payment Event, Umbro shall pay
the Inducement Fee no later than five Business Days after the date on which
Nike Vapor delivers a notice to Umbro requiring payment of the Inducement
Fee.

9.3   The parties shall use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that the sum
payable under clause 9.1 will not be subject to VAT.  However, if it is
determined that all or part of such payment constitutes the consideration for
a supply made for VAT purposes:

(a)   if the Inducement Fee is a consideration for a taxable supply in
respect to which the recipient of the Inducement Fee (or the representative
member of the Group of which the recipient of the Inducement Fee is a member)
is liable to account for VAT, to the extent that such VAT is recoverable by
Umbro (or the representative member of the Group of which Umbro is a member)
by repayment or credit, the amount of the recoverable VAT shall be paid in
addition to the Inducement Fee; for the avoidance of doubt if and to the
extent that such VAT is irrecoverable by Umbro (or the representative member
of the Group of which Umbro is a member) then no additional amount shall to
that extent be paid in respect of such VAT and the Inducement Fee shall, to
that extent, be VAT inclusive; and

(b)   if VAT is due from Umbro (or the representative member of the Group of
which Umbro is a member) under the reverse charge mechanism, to the extent
that any VAT chargeable on the supply is not recoverable by Umbro (or the
representative member of the Group of which Umbro is a member) by repayment
or credit, the amount of the Inducement Fee shall be reduced to such amount
so that the aggregate of the Inducement Fee and such irrecoverable reverse
charge VAT equals the amount of the Inducement Fee had no such irrecoverable
reverse charge VAT arisen.

9.4   Such adjusting payment as may be required between the parties to give
effect to clause 9.3 shall be made five Business Days after the date on which
it is determined that the Inducement Fee constitutes the consideration for a
supply made for VAT purposes (together with such evidence of it as is
reasonable in the circumstances to provide and, where clause 9.3(a) applies,
together with the provision of a valid VAT invoice) or, if later, (in the
case of clause 9.3(a)) five Business Days after the VAT is recovered or (in
the case of clause 9.3(b)) five Business Days after the VAT is required to be
accounted for.

9.5   Umbro shall (or shall procure that the representative member of the VAT
Group of which Umbro is a member) use its reasonable endeavours to obtain any
available repayment or credit in respect of VAT (as referred to in this
clause 9) and for the purposes of this clause 9 the extent of such repayment
or credit shall be determined by Umbro or the relevant representative member
of the VAT Group, acting reasonably.

9.6   Nothing in this Agreement shall oblige Umbro to pay any amount which
the Panel determines would not be permitted by Rule 21.2 of the Takeover
Code, or which causes the transaction to be a Class 1 transaction under Rule
10.2.7 of the Listing Rules.

9.7   Subject to clause 10.1, without prejudice to Nike Vapor?s obligations
under the Code, if any of the circumstances in clause 9.1 occurs, Nike Vapor
shall be immediately released from its obligations under this Agreement and
Umbro shall be immediately released from its obligations under this Agreement
(other than in respect of the Inducement Fee).

10.    TERMINATION

10.1   This Agreement shall be terminated (and, subject to clause 10.2, all
obligations of Nike Vapor, Nike and Umbro under this Agreement shall cease)
upon the earliest to occur of:
<PAGE>
(a)    agreement in writing between Nike Vapor and Umbro at any time prior to
the Acquisition Effective Date;

(b)    other than where Nike Vapor elects in accordance with clause 3.5 or
3.7 to implement the Acquisition by way of the Takeover Offer, the Scheme not
being sanctioned by the Scheme Shareholders at the Court Meeting or any of
the resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting, and which are set out
in the notice of that meeting, not being so approved at the General Meeting
and no notice having been delivered within the time period specified under
clause 3.7.  For the avoidance of doubt, if either of the Meetings is
adjourned, the date that a particular resolution is put to shareholders will,
for all purposes, be the date of the reconvened meeting at which the vote on
that resolution is actually held;

(c)    immediately upon Clause 9.7 becoming effective;

(d)    save as the parties may agree in writing, the date which is 180 days
after the Scheme Circular is posted if the Acquisition Effective Date has not
occurred on or before that date; or

(e)    the Acquisition lapsing or being withdrawn in accordance with the
Takeover Code (whether because any Condition is invoked or otherwise).

10.2   Termination of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to the rights
of any of the parties which have arisen on or prior to the termination
including (without limitation) any claim in respect of a breach of this
Agreement.  Clauses 1, 9 (including clause 9.1 notwithstanding termination
pursuant to clause 10.1(d)), 13 to 25 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.

11.    CONFIRMATIONS

Each Party confirms to the others than it is not aware of (and undertakes to
notify the other parties as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes
aware of) any act, matter or thing which would or is reasonably likely to
cause any of the Conditions not to be satisfied in a manner which is material
in the context of the Acquisition or which would prevent it acting in
accordance with the Announcement or its obligations under this Agreement.

12.    ANNOUNCEMENT

Immediately following the execution of this Agreement (or, if later, the
termination of any escrow period following such execution), Nike Vapor and
Umbro shall procure the release of the Press Announcement and the obligations
of the parties under this Agreement, other than in respect of this clause 12
shall be conditional on such release.

13.    FURTHER ANNOUNCEMENTS

13.1   Subject to clause 13.2, prior to satisfaction or waiver (as the case
may be) of the Conditions, except as may be otherwise agreed by Nike Vapor
and Umbro, no announcement or statement shall be made regarding the
Acquisition except on a joint basis or on terms agreed in advance by Nike
Vapor and Umbro.

13.2   The restriction in clause 13.1 shall not apply to any announcement or
statements required by applicable law, regulation, court order, Relevant
Authority, or the rules of any stock exchange provided that the party
required to make such an announcement or statement will, if practical,
consult with the other party as to the content and timing of such
announcement or statement and the extent of the required disclosure.
<PAGE>
14.    CONFIDENTIALITY

For the avoidance of doubt, termination of this agreement shall be without
prejudice to the confidentiality agreement dated 5 October 2007 between Nike
and Umbro, which shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding such
termination.

15.    COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the
parties to it on separate counterparts and each such counterpart shall
constitute an original of this Agreement but all of which together constitute
one and the same instrument.  This Agreement shall not be effective until
each party has executed at least one counterpart.

16.    VARIATION, WAIVER AND CONSENT

16.1   Variation/waiver to be in writing

No variation or waiver of any provision or condition of this Agreement shall
be effective unless it is in writing and signed by or on behalf of each of
the parties (or, in the case of a waiver, by or on behalf of the party
waiving compliance).

16.2   Variation/waiver shall not affect other rights

Unless expressly agreed, no variation or waiver of any provision or condition
of this Agreement shall constitute a general variation or waiver of any
provision or condition of this Agreement, nor shall it affect any rights,
obligations or liabilities under or pursuant to this Agreement which have
already accrued up to the date of variation or waiver, and the rights and
obligations of the parties under or pursuant to this Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect, except and only to the extent that they are so
varied or waived.

16.3    Consent to be in writing

Any consent granted under this Agreement shall be effective only if given in
writing and signed by the consenting party and then only in the instance and
for the purpose for which it was given.

17.    RIGHTS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE

17.1   Enforcement of rights

No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right or remedy provided
by law or under or pursuant to this Agreement shall impair such right or
remedy or operate or be construed as a waiver or variation of it or preclude
its exercise at any subsequent time.  No single or partial exercise of any
right or remedy by any party shall preclude any other or further exercise of
such right or remedy or the exercise of any other right or remedy.

17.2   Remedies cumulative

The rights, powers and remedies provided by this Agreement are cumulative and
are in addition to any rights, powers and remedies provided by law.

18.    ENTIRE AGREEMENT

18.1   Entire agreement

Subject to any terms implied by law, this Agreement and the confidentiality
agreement between Nike and Umbro dated 5 October 2007 together represent the
<PAGE>
whole and only agreement between the parties in relation to the Acquisition
and supersede any previous agreement (whether written or oral) between any of
the parties in relation to the subject matter of any such document save that
nothing in this Agreement shall exclude any liability for, or remedy in
respect of, fraudulent misrepresentation.

19.    NOTICES

19.1   Save as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any notice, demand or
other communication (?Notice?) to be given by any party under, or in
connection with, this Agreement shall be in writing and signed by or on
behalf of the party giving it.  Any Notice shall be served by sending it by
fax to the number set out in clause 19.2, or delivering it by hand to the
address set out in clause 19.2 and in each case marked for the attention of
the relevant party set out in clause 19.2 (or as otherwise notified from time
to time in accordance with the provisions of this clause 19).  Any Notice so
served by fax or hand shall be deemed to have been duly given or made as
follows:

(a)    if sent by fax, at the time of transmission; or

(b)    in the case of delivery by hand, when delivered,

provided that in each case where delivery by fax or by hand occurs after 6.00
p.m. on a Business Day or on a day which is not a Business Day, service shall
be deemed to occur at 9.00 a.m. on the following Business Day.
References to time in this clause 19 are to local time in the country of the
addressee.

19.2   The addresses and fax numbers of the parties for the purpose of clause
19.1 are as follows:

(a)   Umbro

Address:  Umbro House, Lakeside, Cheadle, Cheshire, SK8 3GQ

Fax:  +44 161 492 2113

For the attention of:  the Company Secretary

(b)   Nike Vapor

Address:  One Bowerman Drive, Beaverton, Oregon 97005-6453

Fax:  +1 503 671 6455

For the attention of:  John Coburn

with a copy (which shall not in itself constitute a Notice) to:

Nike European Operations Netherlands BV
Address:  Colosseum 1, 1213 NL Hilversum, The Netherlands

Fax:  +31 35 626 6340

For the attention of:  Colin Graham

(c)   Nike

Address:  One Bowerman Drive, Beaverton, Oregon 97005-6453
<PAGE>
Fax:  +1 503 671 6455

For the attention of:  John Coburn
with a copy (which shall not in itself constitute a Notice) to:

Nike European Operations Netherlands BV
Address:  Colosseum 1, 1213 NL Hilversum, The Netherlands

Fax:  +31 35 626 6340

For the attention of:  Colin Graham

19.3   A party may notify all other parties to this Agreement of a change to
its name, relevant addressee, address or fax number for the purposes of this
clause 19, provided that such notice shall only be effective on:

(a)   the date specified in the notification as the date on which the change
is to take place; or

(b)   if no date is specified or the date specified is less than five
Business Days after the date on which notice is given, the date following
five Business Days after notice of any change has been given.

19.4   In proving service it shall be sufficient to prove that the envelope
containing such notice was properly addressed and delivered to the address
shown thereon or that the facsimile transmission was made and a facsimile
confirmation report was received, as the case may be.

20.    SEVERABILITY

If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the
law of any jurisdiction, then such provision shall (so far as it is invalid
or unenforceable) be given no effect and shall be deemed not to be included
in this Agreement but without invalidating any of the remaining provisions of
this Agreement.  Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or
unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to
the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.  The parties shall then use all
reasonable endeavours to replace the invalid or unenforceable provision(s) by
a valid and enforceable substitute provision the effect of which is as close
as possible to the intended effect of the invalid or unenforceable provision.

21.    COSTS

Without prejudice to its other rights pursuant to this Agreement (or any
relation to a breach by either party of the terms of this Agreement), each
party shall be responsible for its own legal, accountancy and other costs,
charges and expenses incurred in connection with negotiation, preparation,
execution and implementation of this Agreement and the Acquisition.

22.    CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999

The parties to this Agreement do not intend that any term of this Agreement
should be enforceable, by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties)
Act 1999, by any person who is not a party to this Agreement.
<PAGE>
23.    TIME OF THE ESSENCE

In respect of clauses 6 and 9.2 (but not in respect of the other clauses of
this Agreement), time shall be of the essence of this Agreement, both as
regards times, dates and periods specified in the agreement and as to any
times, dates or periods that may by agreement between the parties be
substituted for any of them.

24.    ASSIGNMENT

None of the parties to this Agreement may assign this Agreement or any of its
rights hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties (not
to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).  Any purported assignment in breach
of this clause shall not confer any rights on the purported assignee.

25.    DISPUTES

25.1   Governing Law

The construction, validity and performance of this Agreement shall be
governed by the laws of England.

25.2   Jurisdiction

Each party irrevocably agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
courts of England over any claim or matter arising under or in connection
with this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been executed by the Parties on the
date set out on the first page of this document.

SIGNED by                        )
duly authorised for and on behalf)
of UMBRO PLC                     )




SIGNED by                        )
duly authorised for and on behalf)
of NIKE VAPOR LIMITED            )




SIGNED by                        )
duly authorised for and on behalf)
of NIKE, INC.                    )
<PAGE>

                               SCHEDULE 1
                      Form of Press Announcement
<PAGE>
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Indicative Timetable
<PAGE>
                                SCHEDULE 3
                    Form of General Meeting Resolutions


The following are draft resolutions to be proposed, substantially in the form
in which they appear below, subject to such modification, addition or
condition agreed between Umbro, Nike and Nike Vapor, at the General Meeting:

SPECIAL RESOLUTION

THAT: for the purpose of giving effect to the scheme of arrangement dated [?]
2007 between the Company and the holders of the Scheme Shares (as defined in
the said scheme), a print of which has been produced to this meeting and for
the purposes of identification signed by the Chairman hereof, in its original
form or subject to such modification, addition or condition agreed between
the Company, Nike, Inc. and Nike Vapor Ltd and approved or imposed by the
Court (the ??Scheme??):

(a)   the directors of the Company be authorised to take all such action as
they may consider necessary or appropriate for carrying the Scheme into
effect;

(b)   the share capital of the Company be reduced by cancelling and
extinguishing all of the Scheme Shares (as defined in the Scheme);

(c)   subject to and forthwith upon the reduction of share capital referred
to in paragraph (b) above taking effect and notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the articles of association of the Company:

(i)   the share capital of the Company be increased to its former amount by
the creation of such number of new ordinary shares of 1 pence each as shall
be equal to the aggregate number of Scheme Shares cancelled pursuant to
paragraph (b) above;

(ii)  the reserve arising in the books of account of the Company as a result
of the reduction of share capital referred to in paragraph (b) above be
capitalised and applied in paying up in full at par all of the new ordinary
shares created pursuant to paragraph (c)(i) above, which shall be allotted
and issued, credited as fully paid, to Nike Vapor Ltd and/or its nominee(s)
in accordance with the Scheme; and

(iii) conditional upon the Scheme becoming effective, the directors of the
Company be and they are hereby generally and unconditionally authorised for
the purposes of section 80 of the Companies Act 1985 to allot the new
ordinary shares referred to in paragraph (c)(i) above, provided that: (1) the
maximum aggregate nominal amount of relevant securities that may be allotted
under this authority shall be the aggregate nominal amount of the said new
ordinary shares created pursuant to sub-paragraph (c)(i) above; (2) this
authority shall expire (unless previously revoked, varied or renewed) on [31
August] 2008; and (3) this authority shall be in addition, and without
prejudice, to any other authority under the said section 80 previously
granted and in force on the date on which this resolution is passed; and

(d)   with effect from the passing of this resolution, the articles of
association of the Company be amended by including the following new article
after article [?] (and amending the remainder of the articles and any cross-
references thereto accordingly):

??[?] Scheme of Arrangement

(A)   In this Article [?] references to the ??Scheme?? are to the scheme of
arrangement dated [?] 2007 under section 425 of the Companies Act 1985
between the Company and the holders of Scheme Shares (as defined in the
Scheme) as it may be modified or amended in accordance with its terms, and
expressions defined in the Scheme will have the same meanings in this
Article.

(B)   Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles, if any ordinary
shares are issued to any person (the ??New Member??) after the Scheme Record
Time, such New Member (or any subsequent holder or any nominee of such New
Member or any such subsequent holder) will, provided the Scheme has become
effective, be obliged to transfer all the ordinary shares held by the New
Member (or any subsequent holder or any nominee of such New Member or any
such subsequent holder) (the ??Disposal Shares??) to Nike Vapor Ltd (or as
Nike Vapor Ltd may otherwise direct) (the ??Purchaser??) who shall be obliged
to acquire all of the Disposal Shares. The consideration payable by the
Purchaser shall be [?] pence in cash for each Disposal Share transferred to
it (or such lesser or greater amount as may be payable under the Scheme if
modified in accordance with its terms).

(C)   On any reorganisation of, or material alteration to, the share capital
of the Company (including, without limitation, any subdivision and/or
consolidation), the value of the consideration per Disposal Share to be paid
under Article [?](B) shall be adjusted by the directors in such manner as an
independent investment bank selected by the Company may determine to be fair
and reasonable to the New Member to reflect such reorganisation or
alteration. References in this Article to ordinary shares shall, following
such adjustment, be construed accordingly.

(D)   Any New Member may, prior to the issue or transfer of any Disposal
Shares to him or her under one of the Company?s employee share schemes, give
no less than [two] Business Day?s written notice to the Company of his or her
intention to transfer some or all of such Disposal Shares to his or her
spouse or civil partner and may, if such notice has been validly given, on
such Disposal Shares being issued to him or her immediately transfer to his
or her spouse or civil partner any such Disposal Shares, provided that such
Disposal Shares will then be immediately transferred from that spouse or
civil partner to Nike Vapor Ltd pursuant to Article [?](B) above as if the
spouse or civil partner were the relevant New Member.

(E)   To give effect to any transfer required by Article [?](B) above, the
Company may appoint any person as attorney for the New Member to execute and
deliver as transferor a form of transfer or instructions of transfer on
behalf of the New Member (or any subsequent holder or any nominee of such New
Member or any such subsequent holder) in favour of the Purchaser and do all
such other things and execute and deliver all such documents as may in the
opinion of the attorney be necessary or desirable to vest the Disposal Shares
in the Purchaser and pending such vesting to exercise all such rights to the
Disposal Shares as the Purchaser may direct. If an attorney is so approved,
the New Member shall not thereafter (except to the extent that the attorney
fails to act in accordance with the directions of the Purchaser) be entitled
to exercise any rights attaching to the Disposal Shares unless so agreed by
the Purchaser. The Company may give good receipt for the purchase price of
the Disposal Shares and may register the Purchaser as holder thereof and
issue to it certificates for the same. The Company shall not be obliged to
issue a certificate to the New Member for any Disposal Shares. The Purchaser
shall send a cheque drawn on a UK clearing bank in favour of the New Member
(or any subsequent holder or any nominee of such New Member or any such
subsequent holder) for the purchase price of such Disposal Shares within 14
days of the date on which the Disposal Shares are issued to the New Member.

(F)   if the Scheme shall not have become effective by the date referred to
in clause 5 of the Scheme, (or such later date, if any, as Nike Vapor Ltd and
the Company may agree and the Court may allow) this Article [?] shall be of
no effect.

(G)   Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, both the Company
and the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any Scheme Shares
effected between the Scheme Record Time and the Effective Date.??
<PAGE>
                               SCHEDULE 4

                            The Resolutions

RESOLVED that, subject to Umbro plc, Nike Vapor and Nike, Inc. entering into
the proposed Implementation Agreement regarding an offer for the entire
issued and to be issued share capital of Umbro plc, the Remuneration
Committee will not use its discretion under the rules of the Umbro Long Term
Incentive Plan 2004 (the ?Plan?) or any other such discretion it may have
under any other Plan documents to waive, vary or substitute the performance
conditions or such other conditions of exercise to which any outstanding
awards made under the Plan are subject.

RESOLVED that the Remuneration Committee will reconsider the exercise of its
discretion only if the Implementation Agreement terminates.

RESOLVED that, subject to the Acquisition (as defined in the Implementation
Agreement) being successfully completed the performance targets for options
granted under the Plan are satisfied as follows:

                     2005         grant            0
                     2006         grant           40%
                     2007         grant          100%

and that the schedule attached as Appendix 1 be and is hereby approved.
<PAGE>
                                APPENDIX 1


Amounts to be Paid Out under the Umbro Long Term Incentive Plan 2004


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit991.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1 - PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
                                                      EXHIBIT 99.1


           NIKE, INC. REACHES AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE UMBRO

   Move significantly expands NIKE?s global leadership in football

BEAVERTON, Ore. (23 October, 2007) ? NIKE, Inc. (NYSE: NKE) today
announced that it has reached agreement on an all-cash offer to acquire
Umbro plc, a leading United Kingdom-based global football (soccer)
brand with more than 70 years of experience in the world?s No. 1 sport
and the world?s biggest football market.

The Board of Directors of Umbro plc, which is listed on the London
Stock Exchange, has unanimously recommended that shareholders accept
the offer of 193.06 pence, which together with the declared dividend
values the company at approximately $582 million ((pound sterling)285
million), or approximately $4.00 (195 pence) per share.

?Umbro is a brand with a powerful heritage and deep experience in the
world?s most popular sport and the world?s biggest football market,?
said NIKE, Inc. President and CEO Mark Parker. ?With its close links to
The Football Association and the England team, Umbro?s future is even
stronger than its past. This dynamic alignment of Umbro and NIKE, with
our complementary strengths and numerous ways to segment and grow the
market, will lead the game at every level throughout the world. We are
fully committed to helping Umbro reach its full potential, and we are
delighted that Umbro?s board is unanimous in its support of our offer.?


The acquisition will significantly expand NIKE?s global leadership in
football, a key growth category for the company. Since the early 1990s,
NIKE has grown its football revenues from about $40 million to
approximately $1.5 billion and established brand leadership in the
sport. Umbro sells products directly or through licensees in more than
90 countries and has sports marketing relationships with many top
football players, teams and leagues, including the England national
team. Umbro?s 2006 annual revenues were approximately $276 million
(?149.5 million). Umbro reports that if licensed sales were translated
to direct sales based on wholesale cost, total wholesale equivalent
sales were approximately $755 million ((pound sterling)409.4 million).


Commenting on the agreement, Umbro CEO Steve Makin said, ?This is an
excellent deal for all our stakeholders: it provides great value for
shareholders and exciting prospects for our colleagues, partners and
customers around the world. We will be a stronger and better business
as part of NIKE and this deal will allow us to accelerate our existing
growth strategy by leveraging NIKE?s global resources and expertise. We
look forward to taking Umbro to new levels with NIKE?s support.?


Brian Barwick, CEO of The Football Association, said: ?The FA has
enjoyed an excellent partnership with Umbro for more than 20 years. We
are delighted that the proposed acquisition will allow us to continue
our strong historical relationship with Umbro while benefiting from the
marketing expertise and financial strength of NIKE.  NIKE has provided
firm assurances that The FA relationship with Umbro will be protected
and enhanced, and we look forward to working closely with both
companies moving forward.?

NIKE intends to operate Umbro as a stand-alone affiliate brand, with a
focus on accelerating the brand?s existing growth strategy. Similar to
other brands in NIKE?s portfolio, Umbro will benefit from NIKE?s
product research, design and development expertise, and supply chain
and distribution resources.

Umbro will join a strong and growing NIKE portfolio of affiliate
brands, including Converse, which was acquired by NIKE in 2003, Cole
Haan and Hurley International. Converse exemplifies NIKE?s track record
of acquiring and growing complementary brands. Since acquiring Converse
in 2003, revenue has grown at a compound rate of 22 percent, and in
fiscal 2007 Converse revenues grew over 20 percent to surpass $550
million. The brand has benefited from NIKE product design and brand
management expertise. NIKE?s portfolio of other businesses is
contributing more than $2 billion in revenue today, and is targeted to
contribute 25 percent of the company?s revenue growth by fiscal 2011.

To discuss these developments with analysts and investors, the company
will hold a conference call Tuesday, October 23, at 3 pm ET.

U.S. Locations:                             (877) 407-0778
International Locations:                    (201) 689-8565

The call also will be webcast live at www.NIKEBiz.com/invest. If you
are unable to participate in the conference call or would like to
access a replay of the call, it will be available beginning October 23,
2007, through October 30, 2007. From U.S. locations, dial (877) 660-
6853 and enter account number 286, conference number 259716 when
instructed to do so.  From international locations, dial (201) 612-
7415. A replay of the call also will be available at
www.NIKEBiz.com/invest.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION:

Investor Contact

Pamela Catlett
(503) 671-4589

Media Contacts

US: Alan Marks, Director of Media Relations: 503 671 2673
UK: Charlie Brooks, UK Head of Corporate Communications,
    +44 (0)207 432 6390

About NIKE, Inc.
NIKE, Inc. based near Beaverton, Oregon, is the world?s leading
designer, marketer and distributor of authentic athletic footwear,
apparel, equipment and accessories for a wide variety of sports and
fitness activities. Wholly owned NIKE subsidiaries include Converse
Inc., which designs, markets and distributes athletic footwear, apparel
and accessories; NIKE Bauer Hockey Corp., a leading designer and
distributor of hockey equipment; Cole Haan, a leading designer and
marketer of luxury shoes, handbags, accessories and coats; Hurley
International LLC, which designs, markets and distributes action sports
and youth lifestyle footwear, apparel and accessories and Exeter Brands
Group LLC, which designs and markets athletic footwear and apparel for
the value retail channel. For further information about NIKE visit
www.NIKEbiz.com.


This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute or form
any part of an offer or invitation to sell or subscribe for or purchase
any securities or solicitation any vote or approval in any jurisdiction
pursuant to the acquisition of Umbro plc or otherwise.

The distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions other than the
UK and the US may be restricted by law and therefore any persons who
are subject to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the UK and US
should inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable
requirements.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit992.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2 - CONF. CALL TRANSCRIPT
<TEXT>
                                                  EXHIBIT 99.2

                       Transcript of
                       NIKE, INC (NKE)
                  NIKE, INC Conference Call
                      October 23, 2007

PARTICIPANTS
Pamela Catlett - Vice President, Investor Relations
Mark Parker - President and Chief Executive Officer
Don Blair - Chief Financial Officer


Operator:
Good afternoon everyone.  Welcome to today?s conference call with NIKE
Management.  For those of you who need to reference NIKE?s press
release, you?ll find it at www.NIKEbiz.com.  Leading today?s call will
be Pamela Catlett, Vice President, Investor Relations.  Before I
turn it over to Ms. Catlett, let me remind you that participants of
this call are going to make forward-looking statements based on current
expectations, and those statements are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.
These risks and uncertainties are detailed in the reports filed with
the SEC, including Forms 8-K and 10-Q.  Now I?d like to turn the
conference over to Ms. Pam Catlett, Vice President of Investor
Relations.  Thank you, Ms. Catlett.  You may begin.

Pam Catlett - NIKE, Inc. - Vice President, Investor Relations:
Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us today.  Earlier
today, NIKE issued a press release regarding the agreement we reached
to acquire Umbro.  The press release and the associated U.K. filings
are, or will soon be available at NIKEbiz.com.  We?re conducting this
call today to discuss this development, and participants in the call
include Mark Parker, NIKE, Inc.?s President and Chief Executive
Officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, Don Blair.  Mark Parker will
provide brief remarks and then we will take a limited number of your
questions.

Now as many of you know, it?s not our practice to provide inter-quarter
business performance or financial updates, and we don?t intend to do so
today.  We are also restricted in what may be discussed by the U.K.
take-over rules, and accordingly, we have a representative of Merrill
Lynch observing the call.   So as we take your questions, we ask you to
respect both our policy and practices in this regard.  With that, I?d
like to introduce NIKE, Inc.?s President and Chief Executive Officer,
Mark Parker.

Mark Parker - NIKE, Inc. - President and Chief Executive Officer:
Thanks Pam.  Hello everyone and thanks for joining us on the call
today.  Earlier this year we outlined a growth strategy for NIKE, Inc.
that we believe will take us to $23 billion in revenue by fiscal year
2011.  Part of that strategy is shaping and managing a dynamic
portfolio of affiliate brands that we expect to contribute 25% of that
growth.  Another important part is our focus on effectively deploying
our capital against the highest return opportunities.

Today we?re announcing a great example of those two strategies.  NIKE,
Inc. has made an all-cash offer to acquire Umbro, a leading global
footwear brand . . . football brand, I?m sorry, based in the United
Kingdom.  The Board of Directors of Umbro, which is listed on the
London Stock Exchange, intends to unanimously recommend that
shareholders accept the offer valued at approximately $582 million
dollars, or 195 pence per share.  In the sport of football, Umbro has a
tremendous relevance, growing the businesses in both developed and
emerging markets around the world.  They have deep connections with key
teams, athletes, consumers, and with the English Football Association.
The EFA is the federation that controls the English National Football
Team, one of the most popular national teams in the world.  This
contract is the crown jewel of their sports marketing assets, and
provides exclusive rights to be the equipment supplier and licensee of
branded FA apparel until 2014.  Since the early 1990?s, NIKE?s football
business has grown from about $40 million to approximately $1.5
billion. Aligning Umbro with the NIKE football in this way gives us
even more competitive flexibility to segment and grow the market,
expanding the game and our share of football worldwide.


Acquiring Umbro fits into the NIKE, Inc. growth strategy for many
reasons.  Football is the key growth category for NIKE.  It?s a
lifetime passion for millions of athletes and fans all over the world,
more than any other sport.  It?s the number one sport in many of the
key markets we?re targeting outside the U.S.  This includes the U.K.
which is the number one football market in the world, and also has one
of NIKE?s largest markets.  Football is also a dominant sport category
in many fast-growing emerging markets such as Russia, Central and
Eastern Europe, and Latin America.  The more we extend our reach in
football, the more competitive we are in these key regional country and
city level markets.  Umbro and NIKE also have complementary brand
positions.  NIKE is a premium performance brand focused on delivering
unique and innovative consumer experiences across footwear, apparel and
equipment.  Umbro is a brand with a deep and powerful connection to the
heritage of football built over 70 years.  They?re a highly relevant
brand with traditional football consumers, especially in team kits and
other apparel.

Working together, NIKE and Umbro mirror the reach and flexibility of
our successful strategy in the basketball category.  We are able to
compete very effectively by leveraging a portfolio of three major
brands:  NIKE Basketball, the Jordan brand, and Converse, growing each
individual brand, the market and our share at the same time.  Since
acquiring Converse in 2003, we?ve grown that business at a compound
rate of 22%.  In fiscal year 2007, Converse revenues grew over 20% to
surpass $550 million.  Not only does Converse continue to generate
shareholder value, it?s a very effective vehicle for segmenting and
serving the basketball and broader lifestyle consumer.  That?s good for
the consumer on and off the court, and good for NIKE.

And like other brands in NIKE?s portfolio, Umbro will benefit from
NIKE?s expertise in product innovation, design and development,
sourcing and supply chain efficiencies, financial strength, and sports
marketing expertise.  By driving profitable growth of the Umbro brand,
we believe we can deliver a positive return on our investment and
create value for shareholders of NIKE, Inc.  Bringing Umbro into the
NIKE family of brands shows how we are acting on the very core of our
growth strategy, which is to leverage our resources against the highest
growth opportunities.  This is true at the category level in key
geographies around the world and in proactively seeking out relevant
acquisitions.

Finally, we plan to run the company as a stand-alone brand rather than
incorporate it into NIKE.  As such, Umbro?s head office and brand
infrastructure will remain in the U.K.  While I?m sure the details of
this acquisition have made news today, this move from NIKE should not
take anyone by surprise.  This is exactly the kind of effective capital
deployment that we promised when we shared our growth strategy with the
investment community earlier this year.

I?m very excited about NIKE and Umbro working together, each helping
the other reach its full potential.  This is a significant step in
expanding the competitive stature of NIKE in global football and our
industry.  I think this is a win for these two great brands, and for
the athletes and fans of the world?s biggest game.

And with that, Don Blair and I will be happy to take your questions.

Operator:
Thank you.  Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will be conducting a
question-and-answer session.  If you would like to ask a question, you
may press *1 on your telephone keypad.  A confirmation tone will
indicate your line is in the question queue.  You may press *2 if you
would like to remove your question from the queue.  Please note that
for participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick
up your handsets before pressing the * keys.

Our first question comes from the line of Kate McShane with CitiGroup.
Please proceed with your question.

<Q>:  Hi.  Thanks very much.  When do you expect this deal to close?
And are you guiding if this will be dilutive or accretive in this
year?s earnings?

Don Blair - NIKE, Inc. - Chief Financial Officer:
Kate, we expect that if everything goes as planned, this deal would
probably close early spring to late spring next year.  There are quite
a few administrative steps that would need to take place, as well as
certain regulatory approvals.  And at this stage, we do not expect in
the first year or so that this would have a material impact on earnings
per share, but obviously our belief is that this is an engine for
profitable growth going forward.

<Q>:  Okay.  And on an unrelated question.  Umbro has licenses right
now, from what I understand, to Dick?s Sporting Goods exclusively and
Sports Direct exclusively.  Is this something-- Do you plan to continue
with these relationships?  And does this limit the growth potential in
any areas?  And what will be the strategy about licensing going
forward?

Mark Parker - NIKE, Inc. - President and Chief Executive Officer:
Yeah.  We have no plans to materially affect the relationship between
Umbro and Dick?s Sporting Goods in the U.S. here, or Sport Direct in
the U.K.  NIKE and Umbro have very good relationships with both
accounts, and we continue to look for opportunities to grow our
business with these accounts going forward.

<Q>:  Okay.  Thank you.

Operator:
Our next question comes from the line of Robby Holmes, with Banc of
America.  Please proceed with your question.

<Q>:  Oh thanks.  Two quick questions.  I guess the first one is could
you walk us through how you think about the seasonality of this
business, Umbro, that you?re buying on the license apparel jersey side?
So, should we expect the revenues for Umbro to rebound pretty
significantly due to EuroCup in 2008, and then sort of be down in 2009,
and then up again due to World Cup, etc.?  Is this sort of a volatile
up-and-down business?  And the second question is just can you walk us
through, you know, why you would buy Umbro versus trying to organically
get NIKE brand into these businesses?  Is it just because you?re
thinking Umbro is a much lower price-point business you want to be in?
Or was there some other barrier to NIKE taking share from Umbro?
Thanks.

Mark Parker - NIKE, Inc. - President and Chief Executive Officer:
Yeah, hi Robby.  First of all, we see great growth opportunity with
NIKE and Umbro.  Let me take the second part of your question first,
and then I?ll go back to the first.  I use the example of NIKE and
Converse in basketball.  Actually NIKE, Converse and Jordan.  I think
with Umbro we have a chance like we do with Jordan and Converse and
NIKE in basketball, to grow our share, more effectively segment our
football markets around the world, and differentiate our position,
eventually actually looking at more growth potential in the sport,
which is the largest and most popular sport on the planet.  But having
a couple of brands in the portfolio to kind of attack this core
category opportunity for us is a real plus. Both have complementary
positions.  I think NIKE is in a position to truly leverage more
differentiation within the Umbro brand. Certainly they have a rich
heritage, over 70 years.  Converse, on the other side, is approaching
their 100 year anniversary.  A very rich heritage to draw from, to
leverage both in performance and also in football-based lifestyle, like
Converse in basketball and basketball-based lifestyle as well.  The
introduction of kits always has an impact on the business.  You see
peaks, you know, the surges in sales during those times when new kits
are introduced around, you know, the European championships or World
Cup.  So we expect that to continue.  But our goal is to work with
Umbro to further diversify their business, balance their portfolio so
to speak so it?s not so completely reliant on the England National Team
kit.  We think they have great opportunity to expand their presence in
branded apparel, to grow their footwear business, both in performance
and lifestyle, as well as the lifestyle apparel business as well.   And
then obviously some equipment opportunity for growth as well.  And then
geographically, obviously they?re very strong in the U.K.  And we think
there?s a tremendous, like NIKE, tremendous growth opportunity in
emerging markets. So as Don said, it?s a very significant upside
opportunity, particularly over the longer term, and we?re very
committed to working with Umbro to more effectively diversify their
business.

<Q>:  And the EuroCup kit business is significant.  So that as we think
of one missed acquisition rolls in next year, assuming it?s on time, it
should be coming in at a run rate in the license business that?s much
higher than what we see right now I would assume.

Don Blair - NIKE, Inc. - Chief Financial Officer:
Well I would say at this point, Robby, that there?s not really going to
be that much of an impact on our numbers for this fiscal year.  You
know, I think, you know, given when this thing is likely to close, I
think a lot of that impact is going to be very, very small.  So I would
caution you in terms of thinking about large impacts to our business,
particularly in this fiscal year.

Mark Parker - NIKE, Inc. - President and Chief Executive Officer:
Yeah, the upside is really in the mid-to-longer term.  And that?s how
we?re looking at this relationship.  It?s not what happens between now
and the European championships.  I think it?s the mid-to-longer term
opportunity.

<Q>:  But just in terms of, you know, cause we?re all trying to
understand what type of revenue run we could-- Because the revenue?s
obviously against, you know, the comparisons last year are quite down
significantly in the first half that they?ve reported.  So, you know,
just some sort of help on what you think the revenue run rate would be
for next year as we try and incorporate it into our numbers would be
great.

Pam Catlett - NIKE, Inc. - Vice President, Investor Relations:
You?re seeking guidance we?re not prepared to give Robby.  So, if we
could move on.

<Q>:  Alright.  Thanks a lot.

Mark Parker - NIKE, Inc. - President and Chief Executive Officer:
Thanks Robby.

Operator:
Our next question comes from the line of Omar Saad, with Credit Suisse.
Please proceed with your question.

<Q>:  Thank you.  Mark, could you elaborate a little bit on a comment
you made earlier about the brand positioning.  You know, I remember
Umbro well from when I was a kid and playing a lot of soccer.  But it
seems to have faded a bit from the landscape, at least here in North
America.  Could you elaborate a little bit?  It sounds like you?re
saying that Umbro is a bit more of a heritage, a soccer heritage
lifestyle brand than a kind of a premium technical brand.  And can you
elaborate on how you think it?s going to be positioned here in the
U.S.?

Mark Parker - NIKE, Inc. - President and Chief Executive Officer:
Yeah.  I think, I wouldn?t just pin Umbro down into a heritage brand.
Certainly it has 70+ years of rich heritage history.  Again, I use the
Converse example to draw from.  And I think that?s both on the
performance side, which Umbro is very committed to, as well as the
active lifestyle side of it as well.  So we?re looking at really both
sides in terms of growth potential for Umbro going forward.  I wouldn?t
pin this down as a lifestyle brand.  But clearly as, you know, as
you?ve said yourself, there?s lots of great history and heritage here
that we?d be neglecting in not taking advantage of, I think.  And
that?s a big opportunity for Umbro.  But likewise, they?re also
recognized as a performance brand in a bit more of a traditional sense.
And I think we?ll take advantage of that opportunity certainly in the
U.K., and around the world, including the U.S.A.  And I think Dick?s
has every intention to build that aspect of the Umbro branded business
as well.

<Q>:  And then, a quick follow-up.  As you think about product
development around the brand, within kind of a new consumer
segmentation strategy that you?re using for the NIKE brand, will this
fall under the football consumer segment that you?ve elaborated on over
the past few quarters and the analysts meeting?  Or is this going to be
really operated separately from that?

Mark Parker - NIKE, Inc. - President and Chief Executive Officer:
Yeah I think, No-- Well we?re certainly obviously focused on the
football consumer here.  Umbro is a football-based brand in the largest
football market in the world.  So that is our target.  We?re not trying
to take Umbro outside of football per se.  You know, there?s a
lifestyle opportunity that?s based in football that may transcend the
sport, but again, I think the opportunity is really to draw from the
position and the heritage of the brand.  We just think there?s
tremendous untapped opportunity in some of the product segments and in
some of the key geographies, both developed and developing markets.  So
yeah, I mean football is the main focus.  It?s the foundation.

Pam Catlett - NIKE, Inc. - Vice President, Investor Relations:
Are you asking how we?ll report it Omar?

<Q>:  Yeah.  How is that going to be managed and reported?  Is it going
to fall under the other brands, or is it going to be managed alongside
with NIKE football?

Pam Catlett - NIKE, Inc. - Vice President, Investor Relations:
Yes.  Yes.  It will be managed within the affiliate brands, and thus
reported as other businesses on our income statement.

<Q>:  Gotcha.  Great.  Thanks.

Operator:
Our next question comes from the line of John Shanley with Susquehanna.
Please proceed with your question.

<Q>:  Thank you and good afternoon.  Mark, in major football markets in
Europe like the U.K, and France and Germany and so on, can you give us
an idea of how the pricing and retail channel with distribution between
the two brands are now going to be structured?  Which part is Umbro
going to play?  Which part is NIKE brand going to play, in terms of the
football marketplace pricing and retail channel-wise?

Mark Parker - NIKE, Inc. - President and Chief Executive Officer:
Well at this stage, we?re not looking at any major differentiation from
a pricing standpoint.  I think there?s a tendency for some to suggest
that Umbro may be a value brand.  We?re not looking at it that way.  We
see opportunities across a broad spectrum of price points like we do
with the NIKE brand.  So we?re not-- And actually they have product
that is quite premium priced as well, and we see that as an
opportunity.  Again, I think I?d look at the Converse, Jordan, NIKE
brand in basketball for sort of a view as to, you know, how we see this
playing out with Umbro.  That said, you know, we need to sit down with
the Umbro management and really try to sharpen our strategy going
forward.  But we?re not sitting here looking at Umbro as a value brand
going into this partnership, this relationship.

<Q>:  I can see that.  But is there, is the strategy to basically use
Umbro to gain an overall greater share of market for the two brands
combined?

Mark Parker - NIKE, Inc. - President and Chief Executive Officer:
Oh absolutely.  Oh unquestionably.  Again, I think that?s one of the
primary reasons for the acquisition, is to expand our presence.  It
gives us more of a chance to grow the market we believe, segment our
position within the market, and eventually grow our share.  There?s no
question that that?s central to this, to our strategy here.

<Q>:  So then that makes a lot of sense.  And then also, on the
distribution of the brand on the major market.  Can you give us a
summary of which markets, like Germany, France and Italy, U.S. and so
on, Umbro controls its own distribution, and which markets are
controlled through either distributors or third parties?  And is there
opportunity to relatively easily recapture the distribution rights in
some of those markets that may be under licensing agreements?

Don Blair - NIKE, Inc. - Chief Financial Officer:
Yeah. Umbro is distributed direct in the U.K.  They have joint ventures
in China and France, and then the majority of the rest of the world
would be a license model.  And, you know, at this stage John, our point
of view is that, you know, we think Umbro has a good strategy.  And we
think that there?s a lot we can bring to the party as well.  But, you
know, at this stage, we?re not, you know, contemplating radical change
at this stage.  We?re proceeding with the process, and we?ll have to
see as we get deeper communication with the management team there.

<Q>:  Right.  Do they have the ability, Don, though at some point to
recapture the--?

Don Blair - NIKE, Inc. - Chief Financial Officer:
Yes.  Yes.

<Q>:  Is that true on a global basis?

Don Blair - NIKE, Inc. - Chief Financial Officer:
Yes.

<Q>:  Super.  Thank you very much.  Appreciate it.

Mark Parker - NIKE, Inc. - President and Chief Executive Officer:
Thanks John.

Operator:
Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Edelman with UBS.
Please proceed with your question.

<Q>:  Thank you.

Pam Catlett - NIKE, Inc. - Vice President, Investor Relations:
Hi Jeff.

<Q>:  Hi there.

Pam Catlett - NIKE, Inc. - Vice President, Investor Relations:
Did you have a question?

<Q>:  Oh, I?m sorry.  I guess it was still on mute.  I?m sorry.
Everything was covered.  Thank you.

Pam Catlett - NIKE, Inc. - Vice President, Investor Relations:
Okay.  Thanks.

Operator:
Our next question comes from the line of Jim Duffy with Thomas Weisel.
Please proceed with your question.

<Q>:  Hi.  Thank you.  A couple of questions.  First, a follow-up to
John?s question on the license territories.  How are those agreements
structured?  And are they over particular terms whereby when an
agreement expires, there may be opportunity to step in and take a
direct leverage in your infrastructure?

Don Blair - NIKE, Inc. - Chief Financial Officer:
They do have terms.  So the agreements are not perpetuity agreements.
They do have terms that have expiration dates.  And there is one
exception to that, which is that the license, or the brand rights, have
been sold in Japan.  So this acquisition does not cover that piece of
geography.

<Q>:  Okay.  And then I realize it?s probably difficult to generalize,
but would the typical term for those license agreements be?

Don Blair - NIKE, Inc. - Chief Financial Officer:
I don?t want to get into that level of detail Jim, but, you know, they
have a variety of different terms.

<Q>:  Okay.  And then, different questioning path.  Does Umbro have a
meaningful footwear business and is this an area where you see
opportunity for the brand?

Mark Parker - NIKE, Inc. - President and Chief Executive Officer:
Yeah.  It?s not the highest percentage of their business.  And as I
said before, I think it?s one of the great growth opportunities for
Umbro in the U.K., and then around the world, both performance footwear
as well as football-based lifestyle footwear.

<Q>:  Did you mention what it is as a percentage of the business?

Mark Parker - NIKE, Inc. - President and Chief Executive Officer:
No I didn?t.

Pam Catlett - NIKE, Inc. - Vice President, Investor Relations:
No we didn?t.

<Q>:  Okay.  Thanks very much.

Pam Catlett - NIKE, Inc. - Vice President, Investor Relations:
Thanks Jim.

Operator:
Our next question comes from the line of Virginia Genereux with Merrill
Lynch.  Please proceed with your question.

<Q>:  Hi.  It?s Elizabeth Suk sitting in for Virginia.  I guess my
first question is can you talk about the adjustable market size here,
and if you think that Umbro can, you know, grow it to be sort of a 1.5
million dollar business like, you know, your NIKE  that this is.  And
then also, just following up on Jim?s question, I guess.  I mean do you
plan to sort of keep the mix of, you know, Umbro?s business sort of, I
guess, a third footwear, and more than half apparel, or are you going
to slow the footwear business at all.

Mark Parker - NIKE, Inc. - President and Chief Executive Officer:
Yeah.  Well, I?m not going to get into speculation on the size of how
big we can grow the Umbro business at this stage.  I would just say
it?s significant, significantly greater than what it is today.  We
think there?s tremendous upside overall, and in mid-to longer term.
There is some low hanging fruit here I think in terms of growth
opportunity.  And footwear, as we just said, is definitely one of
those, you know, key upside opportunities.  And we?re in a great
position, as you know, to leverage our expertise in footwear product
creation and sourcing and supply chain to help Umbro in that respect.
I won?t . . . I?m not going to give you a percentage of what I think
that could be in terms of their business.  But again, I think there?s
significant upside.


Don Blair - NIKE, Inc. - Chief Financial Officer:
I would also point out Elizabeth, and this is in our press release as
well, that because this business is largely licensed, what you see in
their Audited Financial Statements is only a piece of the overall
wholesale footprint of the business.  The footprint of the business,
according to Umbro?s Annual Report last year, was 755 million dollars
roughly.  So this is already a pretty good scale business around the
world, and we think we can grow that.

<Q>:  Okay.  Thank you.

Pam Catlett - NIKE, Inc. - Vice President, Investor Relations:
We have time for one more question.

Operator:
Our last question comes from the line of Robert Samuels with JP
Morgan.  Please proceed with your question.

<Q>:  Thanks.  All my questions have been answered.

Pam Catlett - NIKE, Inc. - Vice President, Investor Relations:
Thank you.  Thanks everyone for joining us today.  We appreciate your
interest and we will speak soon.

Operator:
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today?s teleconference.  Thank
you for your participation.  You may disconnect your lines at this
time.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
